# 3.1. Critical Synthesising

(instrumental music plays) Hey, everyone. It's Charlie Morgan here, and welcome to Critical Synthesizing, the first video in week three of this training, where we're gonna be talking about how to become an expert and how to build and develop a product, basically, or a service. Now, I'm not gonna talk about how to build, like, a software or how to build, like, a physical product that you'd ship out or sell or anything like that. We're talking about, obviously, consulting services here or agency services. So, how do you build a method, basically, and how do you actually figure out how to solve the problem for your clients? Because, as you recall from week one, the whole point of being a consultant is adding value by solving a problem for someone. And so, at this point in the training, and at this point after going through the mindset modules and stuff, you should have a, a problem defined. Um, and if you don't, then you need to define that before you continue on through this training here, um, because, fundamentally, your entire business relies on this thing being solved. And there's no point in me trying to teach you how to solve problems if you haven't got a problem to solve, if that makes sense. Um, so we're gonna talk about something called synthesizing. Now, this is a term that was invented by my close friend, Andrew, so credit to him for this, to sort of discern how consultants work and, and how this, this whole thing works. Like, how do you actually solve problems for people? Like, how do you take a problem that you know nothing about and have no experience solving, learn how to solve it, and not only just learn how to solve it in theory, but go out and do it in practice and get so good at it that you can charge thousands of dollars t- to people to do this? Like, that's a hard thing, and it's a hard skill to learn, right? And it might seem complicated. Um, it's actually really simple. It's actually really easy to do this. And so I'm gonna break down, in the next, um, week of training here, a bunch of videos on how to synthesize. And we're gonna talk about, in this video, really what synthesizing is. And I'm just gonna introduce you to the idea, so you can actually get a gauge of what it looks like, and I'm gonna bring a lot of clarity to you here, because right now, you might be in, like, a world of chaos, thinking like, "How the hell do I actually solve this problem?" Like, yeah, I've, I've found my niche. I've (...)(01:49) niche. I've found the problem, and I understand the problem. What the hell? How do I go and solve this thing? I've never done it before, right? And so we're gonna figure out how to do that in this, so you can actually add value and make a ton of money. So, we're really only gonna get into two things here. Um, first of all, defining synthesizing, and second of all, the sort of six-step process to becoming a synthesizer or doing it properly, if that makes sense. So, without further ado, let's open up the doc and crack on. So, welcome to Critical Synthesizing. In this video, we'll explore the mechanism that you, as a consultant or an agency owner, coach, or expert, you know, but remember, we use the word consultant as a broad term here to define anyone that solves a problem for people, right? So, this, this is kind of cool, 'cause you can really apply this to any sort of business, right, this, this training. But specifically, agency owners, coaches, experts, consultants, whatever you want to call it, right, um, we will use to solve problems and add value to your clients. So, remember, to make money, we have to add value, and to do that, we have to solve problems. Synthesizing is a skill that all the best consultants use. It's a great frame of reference to understand how you're gonna become an expert and how you can get your clients great results fast. Any problem that is solvable by a consultant is solved through synthesizing. Whether consultants realize it or not, synthesizing is the mechanism that we use to solve problems. So, what is this magical skill, and how does it work? How do you, a consultant, uh, like, or agency owner, expert, or coach, whatever, solve a problem, add value, and therefore make money in the process? Well, to understand this properly, we've got to take a little bit of a, a trip down memory lane, and hopefully it's recent memory lane for you, because you should have watched week one. And if you haven't, then you should. Um, we're gonna go back to Elucidate's Three Axioms, the first video from week one here. Um, and I want you to check this out, because, you know, y- it's easy to forget very important things that you've learned, and so we need to recap this quickly. So, if you remember Elucidate's Three Axioms, this was where we talked about the real first principles of consulting and really got down to the, the, the real crux of the issue here. Like, what is, what is money, and how does it work, and how do we make it? Well, the first thing we have to understand is that everything, and I mean everything, happens because of cause and effect. Okay? So, anything that happens is because something else happened, if that makes sense. And if you remember, we have these diagrams with these circles here, where basically we have a thesis, which is the state of something as it currently exists. Then, we have an antithesis, which is something else coming into the, into contact with the thesis. And it's through this contact or application or whatever you want to call it that, um, a synthesis happens, i.e. something new happens, okay? And so when we think about synthesizing, and the reason this is called synthesizing specifically, is that term is built off of this mental model. Okay? So, when we take something and we apply something to it, we create a synthesis. And in the, in this, in this example, the thesis is the current state of your market, okay? So, if you take somebody in your niche, and they've got the problem that you're trying to solve, then the current thesis is them existing with this problem. And because they have this problem, they're in pain, they're suffering, it's not very pleasant. Your- the antithesis in this question i- is you, your business, and your methodology to solve this problem. And so if we bring your methodology to solve this problem, or your expertise, basically, into contact with this person, and we give a little bit of time, then the synthesis will elapse, and that basically is them without this problem, having solved the issue. And obviously, um, you're gonna make money in the process, because you've added significant value there. And so the thesis is something existing, or the subject. The antithesis is something else existing, or the cause. The contact is these two things coming into contact. And the synthesis is something new existing, or the effect. So, we go from cause to effect by contact. And time is a delay between a cause happening and an effect manifesting, AKA latency. So, for example, easy example here, is I am consulting you right now, okay? So, you are in this program, you're in this course, you're watching these videos, and this is a DIY thing, okay? So, remember, when it comes to consulting, we have three different mechanisms to deliver information or apply information to a scenario. So, for example, we've got done-for-you, where you're doing the work for someone.What you're doing is you're gathering information, you're taking that information and turning it into a methodology, i.e. becoming an expert and figuring out how to solve this thing. You're then going and finding people and you're applying the information on their behalf. If you're taking a done-with-you approach, which is where you work with the client, okay, so i.e. you're h- you're handholding them, you're sort of there answering questions, you're building things out with them, then you're both applying the information. But if it's a DIY thing, d- do it yourself, like a course, like this is, then I'm delivering the information to you in video form or in text form or written form, you're then going and applying that information yourself. And the reason we have to account for time here is there's always a latency. So you're in this program now. The current thesis of your existence is that you have the problem of not making enough money or being broke or not being financially independent or free, and you've got problems around making money and you wanna make more money, which is why you're in this course, right? It's why you've made it to week three and why you're doing so well. And the antithesis to your thesis is this course. And so what's gonna happen is every time you come and you watch these videos, I am giving you critical information, right? I'm giving you information. You're taking that information, you're applying it by acting out on it. That's application, by the way, is acting the information out, and then by you acting that information out, with some time, the synthesis will elapse. And so, you know, it might take you, um, six months to get results, it might take you three months to get results. Like I'm... The synthesis that I care about for you is getting your first client and getting your first check, getting your first person over the line. Even if it's like a client that doesn't pay you a massive amount of money, it's just getting that first client over the line. That's the outcome that I care about. That's the synthesis that I want for you, right? And so this entire program has been engineered to just help you get to that first client. Now obviously, I wanna get you to 10K a month, 100K a month, right? Mm-hmm. Easy work and help you with that as well. But getting you to the point where you're just getting started basically. And so the point I'm making here is the antithesis is information. And so the thesis is the problem and the antithesis is the information used to solve that problem. And we can apply the antithesis by doing it for the client, doing it with the client, or teaching the client how to do it themselves, if that makes sense. And you should have decided in week one which model you were gonna take, and it's probably gonna be a done-for-you approach or maybe a done-with-you approach, depending on how good you are at that thing. And so if you remember the money-making equation, the first principle of making money is that money is made when value is created and consultants make money by creating value, okay? So if you remember here, um, if we wanna make money, then we have to create value and oversee a financial transaction to have that happen. And if we know that money is made when value is created, then we need to know, well, how is value created and when is value created and what's the inverse flow of this? Well, value is created when pain is alleviated, okay? And pain is alleviated when problems are solved. And problems are solved when critical information is applied to them and that's how we solve problems, is we find critical information, we go out into the world, we find a problem that exists for people that they, they suffer with and they hate, and we go out and we solve that problem. We, we, we go out into the world and we say, "Okay, well how can I find the information that, if applied, would solve this problem?" And then we go back to the market and we say, "Hey, like I can solve this problem if you do this or if I do this for you." And then they give you the money and then you go and apply the information and if you've done a good job, then the application of that information will result in the synthesis of them not being in pain anymore. You create value, you make money, right? And that's basically how we make money, is by solving problems. And critical information is information which, if applied to the problem and acted on accordingly, and the key here is acted, by the way. So the whole point of this program, I'm giving you this course, right, is if you don't act it out, if you don't do the action items, if you don't do the work, nothing changes. Just having the information isn't enough for you to get results. You need to actually put cause to effect here. And if they, if they act it out, it will solve the problem. It has to be specific and critical in the same way that to unlock a specific lock, a specific key is required. So remember from elucidate three axioms in week one, where we talked about this whole idea of lock and key, where a key, um, or a lock will have a very specific set of pins that it needs to b- that needs to be triggered in order for the lock to be unlocked. And what you're doing when you're trying to unlock a, a, a door or unlock a lock is you need the, the key that is specific to that lock. And the same thing is true with problems and information. Different problems require different information to solve and the more accurate the, the information you find is and the more critical it is, the better chance you have of solving the problem, i.e. on opening or, sorry, uh, opening the lock And you remember we talked about this in, in week one, the yellow circle here represents your current reality. This is your circle of knowledge and the information you have available to act on and solve problems. And it's very limited. So right now, maybe you've defined, you should have def- defined, you should have the problem you wanna solve, your niche, right? It should be clear and you should know what you're trying to solve. And the thing is, is right now, with your current state of reality, and by the way, you should understand reality a lot better now that you've been through the mindset training. And by the way, if you haven't been through the mindset training, then don't be an idiot and go through it before you carry on, so please go and watch those videos. I know they're long, I know they're painful, but go and watch them. Don't be an idiot. Um, you don't know how to solve this problem, right? The problem that you've defined for your niche, like the current information available to you in your mind, i.e. your knowledge base, doesn't facilitate the solution because, you know, it's a new problem, you haven't, you haven't dealt with it before, right? You might have some... You might have an idea of how you're going to solve it, but you don't know critically, thoroughly, specifically exactly how you're gonna solve it, right? And so human beings are fundamentally constrained by the information available to them, which is basically the information that they've received in their life, right? In the same way that imagine trying to start a business and figure all this stuff out without this course. You could do it and it would be possible, but you'd have to find the information from a hundred different thousands of different sources and p- patch them all together and, you know, it would take you a hundred times longer to get re- the result you want, right So what, what a quad consultant really does is they compress the time over which critical information can be applied. So the blue circle, as you remember here, we've got current reality here with information and the information that is... you, you sort of receive is kind of comes from your current reality, if that makes sense. And so what we have is that we have this big blue circle, this big deep blue and this is your unknown reality. So this is reality that you haven't explored yet, this big darkness, this big chasm of chaos that you, you've never ventured into. This is everything beyond your circle of knowledge. To learn something new or acquire a new piece of knowledge, you must venture out into this unknown world. So by you watching this video right now, you are venturing through unknown realityBecause what I'm telling you about synthesizing and the application of information, albeit with this summary, you, you... This is, this is information that's already familiar to you, right? So, you know, we're, we're kind of... Whilst I'm talking about a summary here of something you've already learned, we are... I'm just redelivering you information that you already know, or at least you might have forgotten, but you, you knew, if that makes sense. So we're kind of in the, in the current reality right now. But the second we get out of this recap and the second I start walking you through the six steps of solving problems is the second that you switch from your current reality to unknown reality. And you're gonna start to explore the unknown, and every time you pick up a book, every time you watch a new YouTube video on education, any time you, you seek new information in any way, shape, or form, you're exploring unknown reality. So let's say that, you know... Let's say you've never been in a relationship before. Um, let's say you've never had, like, a loving relationship before, and let's say that you're in your early 20s. And let's say that you enter that relationship and, you know, now you're in a relationship with this person. To you, you're exploring unknown reality. You don't know how relationships work, you don't know how the dynamics work, and it's gonna question lots of things that you thought you knew about relationships. And so anytime you do anything new or novel that you've never done before, you're exploring unknown reality, and in the process, you're finding information and thinking through things and finding ways to solve problems, if that makes sense. So this is everything beyond your circle of current knowledge. To learn something new, you have to venture into this unknown world. Solving a problem is as simple as defining the problem. That's the first step, by the way, and then venturing into your unknown reality to find the critical information that solves it. So, understand this very important point I'm about to make. Every single problem can be solved provided the solution can be brought a- about without breaking the laws of physics, or the laws of nature, and with enough time. So the two constraints to solving a problem are the laws of the universe, i.e. the laws of physics, and time, okay? So some problems aren't solvable right now because we simply don't have the time to solve them, right? Like, you know, AI, whatever the hell, right? How do we build, like, a giga super AI thing? Well, we just need time and feedback. But the problem that you've defined for the people that you're working with can almost always certainly be solved, provided it's within the laws of nature and physics and you have enough time to solve it, right? And so what this means is it's possible to find the critical information to solve it, it's just gonna take you time. And the stars in this little blue circle represent critical information, and the warning symbols represent faulty information. So the danger of venturing out into the unknown is, you know, sometimes what might happen is you might find a piece of information that you might think is critical, but it might actually be faulty. And so what happens with a lot of people when they try and build these businesses is they go out and they start looking for ways to solve this problem, and they stumble across something that they think will work, but they apply it and it doesn't, okay? So we need to be careful when discerning faulty from critical, and we'll talk all about how to do this, by the way, um, later on in the videos. So critical information is applied to a problem to solve it. So you go out into the unknown, you find pieces of information that you have a hunch would solve this problem, you come back, you sell that information to the market, either by delivering it yourself, doing it with them, or diviling- delivering it to them in a course or a program, and then, you know, you apply that information to the problem to solve it. So critical information is like a tool, okay? Between the gap of where someone is and where they want to be is a series of problems, problems that if solved bring about the problem... sorry, bring about the outcome they desire. And as represented by the hammer, the tool can be used to solve the problem. So imagine this is where you are right now, broke, poor, unhappy, and this is where you wanna be, rich, successful, and happy. And between you getting from this point to this point, there's a lot of problems that we need to solve, i.e. how do you become an expert? How do you sell? How do you book appointments? How do you do this, how do you do that? And what I'm doing by this course is giving you critical information that I know works 'cause it worked for me and other people, um, and you can go in, apply this information, act it out, and do the action items I tell you to do, and therefore solve the problem. So one problem you had at the beginning was, "How do I pick a niche? I don't know how to pick a niche." And then I was like, "Okay, here's how you pick a niche." And then you were like, "Oh, okay, now I'm gonna go and pick a niche." And so you had the problem, I gave you the critical information required to solve that problem, and then you made a decision, and we solved that problem together. That's all this is. And you just do that over and over and over again until you get the person to the result they want to get to. And we talked about critical information being an application process, and it's 12 steps. So you define what the problem is, you locate the information, you seek the information, you receive the information, you process the information in your brain, then you understand the information that you found. Then you judge it based on whether or not you think it's true, 'cause we can't judge information that we don't understand, and we can't understand information we don't process, and we can't process information we don't receive, and we can't receive information we don't seek. So we have to start with looking for it, right, even if it's wrong. And then once you've judged it, you decide on whether or not the information is sound and, you know, whether you should do anything about it. Then you act, as in you use energy to think or physically move the body to act out your decision, i.e. application. This is where you actually do the thing. This is the hard part everyone struggles with, right? It's easy to sit around in your room and watch videos. It's hard to go and start making cold calls. Then time. Give the, the, give the act time to cause the effect. So when you do the thing, you're creating a cause, i.e. the antithesis, and it's gonna take some time to actually create the effect you want, okay? In the same way that you've been in this program now for a few weeks, or however long you've been in this program for, and you might not have your first client yet, you still might not be making money yet, and there's gonna be time where you have to go through before that happens. Change. What happens is once you've put the cause to effect, then you're actually gonna change reality, and then feedback. Did you solve the problem? If so, how well? Do you need new or more information? And this is the summary that I kind of wrote here. Information packages reality into understandable meaning. It is how reality presents itself to us. It manifests as a sensory experience, usually as an image or a statement if articulated verbally or numerically. It illuminates the objective nature of a fragment of reality. After being received, it is processed by the brain, judged, and then used as a tool for prudent decision-making to produce physical action in the body that acts as a cause to a desired effect, which is typically to solve a problem that is blocking progress to a desired outcome. It is critical insofar as it is accurate, true, and effective. And to put it simply, critical information allows us to mobilize reality and send it into battle. And so the reason I'm recapping this and the reason I put so much thought into this definition is it's crucial you understand the nature of information. All you're doing, all you're doing here is go and find a bunch of information, see, seeking through it, you know, and sort of deciding what's good and what's bad, throwing out the bad, keeping the good, putting that into a methodology, which is what I'll explain how to do in later videos, and then selling that methodology. It's that simple. Go out, find information, think it through properly, build a little service around it, then go and sell that service, try it out, and see if it works. And that's basically what we're doing here, okay? And so it's really simple, really straightforward, very obvious. So synthesizing. Your job as a consultant or an agency owner, coach, or expert, whatever, you know, term you wanna use to dis- dis- discern the, the job of someone, you know, transferring information, is to venture into the unknown reality of your market, okay? Track down pieces of critical information, throw away the faulty information, and synthesize your findings into a methodology. So the key term here and what we're gonna be creating, the whole focus of this week of training, is creating a methodology. And your methodology is basically the linear steps of action that you or your client or you together take, depending on whether it's done for you, done with your DIY, that you take to bring about the result. And so what we're trying to do here by finding information and building a methodology is we're trying to create a chain of actions that must be completed, okay? Or things that must be understood so that behavior can be changed. The only... The whole purpose of a consultant is, is to, is to change behavior. Now, if you're teaching someone how to do something, then they must change their behavior to, to act it out, if that makes sense. If you're doing it for them, then, then the, the client doesn't have to change their behavior. You have to do it for them. It's your behavior, right? But you get the point. So basically, we're gonna build a methodology, and your methodology is your... the main thing. It's the, it's the most... should be... and should become quite literally the main and most important thing in your life, 'cause it's the thing that's gonna pull you out of this, this rut. It's... Your...

... entire business sits on the soundness of your methodology. So, your best bet, we're gonna spend a lot of time thinking about it. And week three here, in how to build this, we're gonna spend a lot more time in practical terms, no more theory, um, or at least significantly less theory. Um, and we're gonna talk about how to actually start putting some sort of rubber to the road and taking action here. Understand the quality of your service, expertise, or consulting, or whatever you want to call it, is simply the product of the quality of the information. So, when we create a methodology, which is basically a linear chain of actions required by you or the client to bring about an outcome, how good that methodology is depends on the quality of information available to you. And so, when you look at these videos, and when you look at these courses, the- the reason that I'm able to make such good course content, and the reason I'm able to make such good videos for you here, is because I've spent so much time gathering information and discerning what's critical and all, and then synthesizing that and thinking it through for hours. You know, like, the- the mindset- some of the mindset videos that you just watched in week two, um, like unrelenting discipline, for example, that video took me, I think, like, what, four, five or six weeks to create. Again, enti- and then it's just- just doing that. And all I was doing was just synthesizing, 'cause I was like, "Hmm, you need to have the critical information on how to be disciplined and how to rest and stuff." So, either way, you get the point. So, there are going to be many points of critical information required to solve a problem. It's never just one thing. So, when you think about the problem that your clients are facing, and when you think about the problem you're trying to solve here, it's- you're not just looking for one, you know, silver bullet. You know, you're not just going to find, like, one thing that solves the problem. (laughs) That's not the case. Sometimes, very rarely, perhaps, that is the case if the problem is very, very nuanced and very particular, but there's going to be lots of things you need to do. So, for example, let's say that you have a boxing coach, and, you know, you want to become a really good boxer. Well, there's going to be hundreds, if not thousands, of pieces of critical information that that coach will need to transfer you for you to become competent enough to take on an amateur fight or something like that, right? So, it's not just a question of, you know, when you use your right hand, engage your hips. That's a piece of critical information, but you- you can't teach someone to become a professional boxer with just one (laughs) piece of information, right? Um, now, you know, w- when it comes to consulting and helping people, there's going to be maybe a little bit less than th- you're not gonna need thousands of pieces of information, right? You might, but generally speaking, if you're just picking one little niche-specific problem, there's going to be quite a few pieces of critical information. Not just one, not just two or three. There might be a few, like, maybe 10, 20 or something. There's no abstract binary rule to this, but I want you to know that there's not just this one thing you're looking for. It's quite a few things, and you need to learn to string them together, chain them together, understand them, and you'll get there. So, becoming an expert and building a predictable service to solve a problem of your market is done in six very simple steps. Step one is to define the problem. So, the first thing we're going to be doing here is actually understanding this problem on a very molecular level, and really, what we're going to be doing here is sort of recapping what we did in week one to understand this problem and define it. But we're going to go into a little bit more, um, depth on how to really understand the problem and define it. So, clearly define and understand the problem you're solving. Once you've defined the problem, um, and by the way, there's a quote, and I'm going to butcher it. I don't know if it's from Einstein or Newton, um, and I don't even know if the- one of these guys said it, but it's very smart, and so I'm going to give it to you. Um, they said something along the lines of like, "If I had an hour to solve a problem, I would spend the first 55 minutes defining it and the last 5 minutes solving it." Because the- the clearer the definition, the easier it is to find a solution. 99% of problem-solving is defining the problem and actually becoming aware of it and why it exists and exactly what's wrong with it, right? This is the crucial part, because the clearer the definition, the clearer it is. Remember when you had exams in school, and, you know, you- you have a question in that exam, and your teacher would always bang on about you understanding the question and how the key to answering the question was to understand it properly. The thing is, is through school, you learn information. The teacher transfers information to you, and, you know, you're then examined, i.e., an- an examination in school is how well can this person apply this information to a written problem, typically written, right? And so, an exam is, you know, you're seeing the problem, which is basically the question, and you have to sort of use the information at your- at your disposal to answer that question or, i.e., solve that problem in the best way you can. That's what you're doing when you're answering a question, solving a problem. And the better you understand the question and the nature of it, the better the answer you can give. And so, if you- if you try and- if you try and answer a question without understanding it properly, without defining it properly, then the information that you pull on is probably going to be highly inaccurate to that thing. In the same way that, you know, if you're a locksmith, and you're trying to create a key for a lock, the better you understand that lock and the clearer picture you have on the pins and the- the nature of that lock, the easier it is for you to create a key. And so, the crucial key main thing here, above and beyond finding the- finding the information is the easy part. It's knowing what information to find because you've defined the problem properly that matters. Okay? So, it's all crucial to- to getting the methodology right, getting the information right. That sounds exciting, but trust me, the more time you spend and the more you think through defining your problem, is the- it- it will make everything so much easier. Okay? So, clearly define and understand the problem you're solving. Once we've defined the problem, we've understood its nature, then we need to go and seek the critical information required to solve it. So, we go out into unknown reality and find the information to solve it, and I've got a whole methodology to do this. Do not worry. Then develop methodology. So, construct a linear set of actions based on critical information. And so, your methodology is the thing you're selling, right? You know, we're going to package it through your offer and everything, and, you know, we've got the- you already have access to the offer training from week one, and you won't really have been able to develop a proper offer yet because, well, you haven't got a methodology yet. (laughs) So, once you've got your methodology sorted, you can go back to week one, and you can complete your offer training, if that makes sense. Apply methodology. Sell your methodology to clients and try it out and see if it works. Iterate methodology. Gather feedback and make adjust- adjustments accordingly. And number six, which is what you won't have thought about yet, is find second-order problems. So, once your methodology works, you find the next problem. So, remember, value is, um ... When we create value, we make money, and value is created when problems are solved, right? When pain is alleviated, problems are solved.And what's going to happen is you're going to figure out how to solve this problem for your clients. And when you figure out how to solve that problem for your clients, another problem's going to emerge. So problems in business or in life are like Whac-A-Mole. And so, the second you solve a problem is the second you have to solve the next one that comes after you solving it. So for example, let's say that the problem that you have right now is you want to get a girlfriend and you haven't got a girlfriend, and you know, you're in- you're alone, and you're sad, and you're lonely, and that's a problem. And let's say that you then get a girlfriend. Well, now that relationship is going to come with a lot of problems. Now you've got to learn how to, like make sure she's happy and look after her and everything. And all of these things, like it's never-ending. There's this, uh, uh, whenever you solve a problem, you just open up a new one. And, you know, for example, in business, like the problem I've got now is figuring out how to, like get to the next level. And, you know, once I get to, you know, eight figures, now the problem I have is getting to multi-eight figures and it's just never-ending, ever, ever, ever, right? So you need to figure out how to do this. Um, and that's really it, you know, this- these- these six things we're going to break down in full thorough detail with full action items and- and step-by-step training. Um, so let's get to work. Now, a quick warning is you do not need to continue these videos until you've got really clear on the problem you're trying to solve. So we're not worried about defining the problem or, you know, um, understanding it in- in much detail yet. You just need to know that it exists, right? So for me, with- with my first business, it was the gyms and the marketing, right? Oh, gyms really suck at Facebook ads and getting clients, so let me help them do that, right? I knew what I was trying to do was help gyms get members. But you cannot continue until you have a clear problem to solve or at least some idea of the problem you want to solve from the foundation videos. If your foundations are off, then the house will crumble, okay? And the entire- the- the biggest foundation, everything is born out of this problem, okay? Well, really, everything is born out of your niche, but you get the point. So that's critical- that's critical synthesizing. You should understand now the qu- sort of point I'm getting at here and how we're going to go about solving these problems. So in the next video, we'll talk about how to actually get into the definition of the problem so we can start looking for the right information, developing methodology, so we can apply that, iterate it, and obviously start going on to- to find second order problems that will emerge after we solve this first one. And this is- this is how you get to the sort of seven-figure mark, by the way. Um, we talk a lot more about this in EasyGrow specifically, but we'll touch on it because it is crucial to understand. So that's the beginning of the, um, week three, How to Become an Expert Training. Um, I'll look forward to seeing you in the next one, and I'll talk to you soon. Cheers