# 3.2. Defining Problem

Hey everyone, Charlie Morgan here, and welcome to Defining Problem. So, like I said in the previous video, we're starting to leave the theory territory now and get into the thick of it when it comes to taking action and starting to actually build a methodology. And so you might notice a slight shift in the theme of these videos, with them being a lot more direct, a lot more to the point, and a lot more action-based than about helping you understand abstract concepts. So without further ado, let's get into how to actually define the problem that you're solving for your clients. Remember, this is crucial. If you don't define the problem properly, i.e. you don't understand the problem properly, then any solution you create is going to be mismatched, um, disconjointed, and it's not gonna work. So, we're gonna talk about what problems actually are. Um, what is a problem? You might be able to kind of guess, but, like, why do they exist and where do they come from? Um, Understand: Don't Solve, Critical Questions Workbook, and Tools for Understanding. So I'm gonna give you lots of practical tools in this video, things you can do right now to really start defining and understanding this problem. This is gonna require you to use a lot of energy. It's gonna require you to think very critically, and it's gonna require you to, you know, put yourself through some, some mental pain. It's not easy to define these things, and, you know, it's not straightforward, so let's get into it and crack on. So welcome to Defining Problem. It's crucial to your success in business that you fully understand the problem you're trying to solve for your niche. It's really important, probably the main thing. In this video, we'll explore action items and tools that you can truly understand or use to truly understand the nature of this problem, why it exists, and all of its intricacies. The more work you put in here, the easier it will be to find the right critical information to solve it. So when you try and think about solving this problem, you're probably quite excited by the idea of going out and finding the critical information and doing the research and building a methodology and constructing this hypothesis that you can apply to your client situations. That's the exciting part, right? The, the boring part is figuring out what the hell you're solving in the first place. It's not that sexy, it's not that exciting, it's not that shiny. And the reason that you perceive it as boring is because it is really painful to do. It takes a lot of energy to do this. But I'm gonna tell you now, if you don't get this right, you're gonna look for the wrong critical information, you're gonna be, you know, completely misconstrue, you need to be rooted in the truth, and let's begin. So, what actually is a problem? Well, a first prob- a first principle, a problem is basically an obstacle. And you gotta think of it like this, okay? In order for a problem to exist, um, a few things must be true. First of all, um, people have problems. Now, animals have problems insofar as that, you know, if you're a gazelle, and you're living on, you know, the, the plains of Africa, then the problems you have are being hunted, finding food, finding water, and finding shelter, and reproducing, right? So you have, a lot of animals in the animal kingdom, a lot of organisms have these pre-programmed issues that they have to solve, and basically their entire life is about solving these problems. Humans, we have a little bit more of an intricacy when it comes to problem-solving. In order for a problem to exist, you need to have a current state and a desired state. And let me explain this. So think of it like this. People find themselves in a current state and a desired state. So for example, your state right now could be broke, and your desired state could be that you want to be rich. Or, you know, maybe your current state right now is you get lots of migraines, and your desired state is to be migraine-free. What this means is there is intentionality, a need for something in their life to be different. So all humans have this; goals, desires, needs, where basically you want something to change or you want something to be different, okay? Without this, a problem cannot exist, because a problem only exists once a desire or need manifests. What this means is, without a goal or desire or a need, there is no problem. It's just what is. Once, only once you have a goal or need do you experience problems. Only by having a goal or desire do you create problems. Problems don't exist without desires or goals. The desire, need, or goal gives birth to the problem. The problem then becomes a vehicle or the thing that needs to be done to achieve that goal. So in, um, Stoic thinking, we have this idea that Ryan Holiday popularized called "the obstacle is the way." And this is rooted in Stoic philosophy, where the premise is that, you know, you want to achieve something, and there is something that's standing in the way of you achieving it. Instead of seeing that thing as an obstacle, or instead of seeing that thing as, you know, the thing that's stopping you from achieving what you want to achieve, you need to start seeing it as the route that you need to go down to achieve the thing, if that makes sense. And so the idea that the obstacle is the way basically denotes the fact that what it is that you're having to face to get through this thing, to, to, to solve this thing, is the very thing that you need to face, so it is the way. So problems actually, uh, give us a really good indication of what to work on. So imagine, imagine this abstraction. You create a goal and you create a need, and suddenly, you realize, oh, well there's, I'm not, I'm not manifesting or realizing this goal or this need right now. So right now you're broke, and you want to be rich, right? And that's your goal, is to be rich, or financially free. And immediately what happens is, as soon as you create this desire, as soon as this need happens, is you realize that there's tons of things that you need to, to face. There's tons of problems associated. And the reason that you're not rich is because you haven't solved these problems yet. What a lot of people do is they see the problems as the enemy, these things that they need to sort of battle with and combat with, when in reality, the problems are basically the universe screaming at you, "Here's what you need to do." Right? They're like conditions. They're the, they're the sign from God or the sign from the universe of exactly what actions you need to take and where you need to put your energy, time, and focus into in order to actually achieve the outcome you want. So, a problem is kind of like a, it's like a signpost. It's like, "Go here. This is where you need to be. This is where your energy and time needs to be channeled in order for you to, you know, actually facilitate this thing." So, a problem is kind of like a sign. It's like, it's, it's a signpost, it shows you, like, you have this destination, which is to be rich, or whatever it is the destination could be. It could be to be fit, it could be to be happy, healthy, in a good marriage, whatever. And the problems that you face, that you see as the obstacles to helping you achieve that, are actually the very things that help you achieve that. So instead of seeing a problem as a obstacle, you want to see it as a stepping stone, and, you know, you solve the first problem, you step on the stone. And then another problem comes up, and you step on that stone. And if you go through this over and over again, you'll step on enough stones to the point where you're actually at the goal, and you've achieved what you want to achieve. And so the problem isn't the obstacle, it's not the thing that stops you from achieving what you want, it's the very thing that you need to do and the stepping stone you need to step on to accomplish and facilitate the outcome you desire. Now, a problem only really exists if a human perceives it and cares enough to change it. Like, for example, rocks don't have problems, you know? You might be like, "Oh, but yeah, but rocks get eroded by water." Well, they don't care and they don't perceive, therefore the problem doesn't really exist. If you're a human and you've built your house on a rock, and that rock is, um-... starting to, you know, wither away from the ocean, then that's your problem, not the rock's problem. You know what I mean? So the first principle, a problem is an obstacle to achieving a desired outcome, and we can see it as an obstacle and a big issue, but really, like I said, it's the stepping stone. It's the, it's the place you need to go, it's the thing you need to do to achieve your outcome. It's a condition for the accomplishment of a result. So problems exist for one or two reasons. Really, like, it's all of the same thing, but really, if a problem exists, if you wanna be somewhere and you're not in that place, and there's, there's an obstacle you've got to overcome, then the reason you haven't overcome it yet is because either you don't know how to solve the problem, which is basically a lack of information, or you can't solve it. And what that means is, is if you don't know how, then it's a lack of information, but if you know how but you can't, then it's because of a lack of resources, time, constraints, resistance, et cetera. So for example, you know, let's say that, um, let's take a really extreme example here, right? Let's say that you are a, um, let's say you manage a football team, right? And let's say that you are one of the best football managers in the world, and you know, you've, you're top of your game and, you know, blah, blah, blah. Let's then say that you're in the finals, final of the World Cup, and you're managing your team, and in the last 20 minutes of the, the game, let's say that you suddenly become mute. Now, I know this is an extreme example, but you suddenly become mute. You can't hear anything. You can't talk. Suddenly, in the last 20 minutes of the most important game of your life, you can't communicate or receive information, right? But you can still watch the game. What this basically would mean is the problem exists of you trying to win this game, and if you can't solve that problem, it's not, it's not because you lack the information, because you're the best coach in the world, you're the best football manager in the world, right? You have the information on what players need to be where, and what decisions need to be made when, and who needs to come off and needs to go on, and who needs to be put in what order of penalties and stuff. You have the information, but if you can't communicate that information to your team, to your assistant managers, to the captain, then fundamentally, you cannot solve that problem. And so sometimes what can happen in life is a human can know how to solve a problem, but they might not be able to due to a lack of resources, a lack of time, or certain constraints in their life. Okay? So in the same way that, you know, um, like, right now th- there might be a problem that I know how to solve, um, in my brother's personal life. Let's say he's facing a problem and I know exactly how to solve it, right? Well, if, if he, if me and my brother aren't on good terms and he, he won't talk to me and he's blocked me on everything, then it doesn't matter that I have the information available to solve it. Fundamentally, I can't solve it because there's a constraint here, there's some resistance here if that makes sense. So it's, it's usually rare that the latter is true, because if the problem is big enough, then the person will find the resources, find the time, or alleviate the constraints It's usually a lack of information, and that's what we're focused on, but I want you to know that it can also be the case that they might know how to solve it, but they just haven't got the time or the resources. To be honest, it's usually both, but in both instances, a consultant certainly can help, um, but usually it's the information. In order to solve a problem, it must first be understood. So, the theme of this video is helping you actually understand what the nature of the problem you're dealing with is. So remember, at this point in the training, you should have a clear picture on exactly what problem you want to solve and, you know, the, the big issue in your niche that you really want to, you know, use to add value and alleviate pain so you can obviously make money. So here's what you need to understand about this problem to solve it properly. So who in your niche experiences the problem? What actually is the problem? Like, what actually truly really is the issue? Where is this problem showing up in their life? So what are the symptoms? When did this problem start and when does it finish? And why does this problem exist in the first place? And this is crucial. The why is the most crucial part. This is your classic who, what, where, when, and why. So when it comes to thinking things through critically or trying to understand the nature of something, we don't have to look much further than the who, what, where, when, and why. This is a really wonderful five-piece thinking principle to arrive at how Because what we're trying to do here is we're trying to figure out the how, like, how do we solve this problem? And it's impossible to know how to solve the problem if you don't know who's facing it, what it actually is, where it exists and where it happens, when it happens, and, you know, when it finishes, and also why it happens. So if you understand the who, what, where, when, and why, and you understand that really well, then building the how, i.e. how do I solve this becomes remarkably straightforward and simple. So once you understand all of these, you can actually start looking at how to solve it. On this note, really important for this video, understand, don't solve. So, wh- what we're gonna do now is we're gonna work through some, um, documents and resources throughout the rest of this video, and I'm gonna give you critical questions, I'm gonna give you thinking principles, thinking tools that you can use to fully understand this problem and filter your information so you get better at doing this thing. What I want you to do is keep the following in mind. Right now, we are just trying to understand the problem. Okay? The first step to solution is understanding and definition. So we're just in definition stage, we're just in understanding st- stage. We are not trying to solve the problem yet. Okay? Just seek to listen to the problem and find its truth. Okay? This is really, really important here. Don't take a solution-based lens yet, and don't worry about solving it yet. Don't worry about the practicality of what you're finding or what you're thinking about Don't even think about how you're gonna solve this problem and what the methodology is gonna be or what you're gonna need to add or remove or anything like that, or how your service is gonna look or whether you're gonna use Facebook Ads or appointment setting or whether you're gonna do this or that or recommend this thing or that thing. I don't want any solution-based thinking in this video or in these practical steps at all. All of that will come later, and I'm gonna show you how to create a solution and methodology in a really good way, and we'll do that. It's really crucial that you just seek to understand the problem, because if... the solution you create later is gonna be heavily influenced by your understanding. If you try and solve and understand at the same time, then you're gonna make a massive mistake. So think of it like this. Now, girls get this, because, you know, women are a lot more, um, empathetic than men, and, you know, men tend to be a lot more, um, solution-orientated than women. And, you know, that's a generalization. Is it gonna be true for everyone? No, most certainly not, but on average, a man seeks to fix and a woman seeks to understand. And the likelihood is that you are a man or you have more masculine tendencies if you are a woman because you're watching a course about how to start a business, which tends to be more of a masculine trait. And before anyone gets upset by that, just go and look at the data and prove me wrong. SoThink of it like this, a female friend of yours has come to you with a big relationship problem, big issue. So we've got a big problem on the table here; her boyfriend is doing this thing or the other thing, and he's a nightmare, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And she's come to you, and she's in tears, she's crying, she's in pain, she's got a big ass problem. Now, naturally, as a guy, and most of you are gonna be guys watching this, your first instinct is to offer advice, is to start solving and finding a way to fix the situation. There's no issue wanting to do this, but what your friend needs right now is for you to simply listen, understand, and give her space to talk it out so she can figure it out with you in the future. Also, if you try to jump to fixing and solving without all of the facts and context, you're going to miss something, or worse, make a big mistake and give her the wrong advice. So advice given before proper understanding tends to be bad, and in the medical practice, um, you know, the, the idea behind the medical practice here with doctors is that a diagnosis before, um, sorry prescription before diagnosis is malpractice. What that means is if you go to a doctor and, you know, you give them half the story and you tell them a little bit about your problem, if they diagnose you straight away and try and start fixing this problem immediately, they're probably gonna give you the wrong, um, medicine or basically misdiagnose you. And so we want to really listen and understand, not solve, not try and fix the thing, just understand it. Because ironically, what you need to realize is that to truly fix a problem is to just understand it. If you understand it well enough, then bang, like, you know, if you can get to the truth and get to the bottom of this thing, then building a solution around it is so incredibly simple, in the same way that most medical issues that you face are all about diagnosis. So if you go to a doctor and you've got a problem, the solution's always very simple, take this pill, do this thing, cut this thing out, do this thing, do that thing, very simple instructions that can be quite easily followed. The problem that most people have when it comes to medical practice is accurately diagnosing why the thing exists in the first place. If you can get that, then the solution's incredibly simple. Oh, it's just all you've got to do is take three days of antibiotics, or all you've got to do is cut out caffeine for three weeks, or all you've got to do is, you know, go for a walk twice a day. You know, the action becomes very simple, but it's defining it that's the problem. So don't try and solve the problem yet, just try and understand it. Now, what I've got for you here are a bunch of action items and tools that you can use to understand problems, and I know these work because I've been using them to help me with my problem-solving abilities, um, not only for my clients, but also elsewhere in my business. Um, and I've been doing this for the last 10 years, so I know a thing or two about critical thinking and solving issues, um, pretty rapidly. So we're going to start with the Critical Questions Workbook here, and then we're going to talk about some tools to further understand the problem, um, some of which you probably aren't familiar with and never heard of before. Pretty cool place to start is the Critical Questions Workbook. So what I want you to do is complete this workbook, and what we're going to do is use this workbook to clearly define and understand the problem that you are building your business around There's a bunch of questions I want you to answer here and a bunch of action items I want you to do as best you can, and I want you to do these with as much focus and effort as possible. These questions are hard to answer, they require lots of energy, lots of mental thought, lots of pain, lots of focus, and, you know, i- it's going to take you a fair while to get through them, to think through them, and I want you to do them as best you can. You're not going to have all the answers right now because you haven't served any, if not many clients, right? You haven't done any sales calls or many sales calls, and you don't really understand your market beyond just some videos or some podcasts or some books or some shit that you've watched, right? So you're not going to have the answers perfectly, you're not going to be bang on right, but the important thing is you try and really work that critical part of your brain to start gauging this problem and start thinking through, like, the nature of it so you can get as close as possible to understanding it, so when it comes to building the solution, you're halfway there, at least, you know, a little bit there. So who, what, where, when, why, that's kind of what we're going to get into here, and we're going to start with the who. So when you think about understanding who faces this problem, you think immediately, oh, it's my niche, but it's not as simple as that. It's not as simple as aggregating your niche into one term saying, "I solve this problem for dentists." Or, "I solve this problem for gym o- gym owners." What you need to learn and realize is that your niche is segmented into stages of maturity So when we think about who you solve the problem for, yes, you solve it for your niche, but typically the problem you're solving is going to exist for different people in your niche and different stages of people in your niche. So the problem we're trying to solve right now might be a late game problem, one that is, um, one that needs to be solved by someone in your niche who is quite far along the path already, or an early game problem, one that is close to the start line. So let's say for, let's take, for example, um, an athletic example, right, and let's say that we, you are a coach and you teach, um, basketball players how to, um, how to do something specific, right? Now, you might be teaching basketball players a very rudimentary skill, like a three, a free throw, right, how to make a free throw, and, you know, that might be something that is applicable specifically to an early game person learning basketball. But if you, if you help basketball players specifically with, like, I don't know, like the triangle or s- some very, very advanced maneuver that only NBA players would know, then you're going to be working with a late game problem. And so not every single person in your niche will need you to solve the problem for them because depending on the level of maturity they're at, and I'll explain this with a diagram. So generally speaking, the closer to the end game you get, the more money you can charge, but the fewer people that will be in your niche that need help solving it since it's late game, and most people hang around in the early game So let me give you a practical example here. Take the game RuneScape. If any of you ever played RuneScape before, um, you can be level three or you can be level 126. So there's, there's like 126 levels to this game, and, you know, what, what happens at the end of the game when you're level 126 is you might need to get something called an infernal cape. Inferno cape. Infernal cape? I can't, I haven't played RuneScape in a long, long time, I'm pulling for straws with this example. But my point here is late game players need help getting the infernal cape, which is like the best cape in the game that you can only get once you're, like, fully maxed out and you've got, like, a really good RuneScape account, right? And so, you know, that may be your business is you consult people on how to get that specific item in RuneScape. It probably won't be that profitable, but you get my point. What that would mean is you help RuneScape players get the infernal cape, but you, you can only help RuneScape players that are ready to get it, if that makes sense, so you're not going to help new players, but you're going to help older players, in the same way that maybe you want to help RuneScape players learn how to, you know, do an early game quest or something. You know, it's, it's, once again, this wouldn't, these wouldn't be very good businesses to start, but the point I'm making is you can help the niche but there's different stages of maturity through that niche depending on how far along, um, the average niche journey that the person that you're helping is along the average niche journey Um, so here's an example, right? So most people in your niche will have a generic starting point and a generic endpoint before they, when they start and when they finish their journey, right? And some journeys are never finished, right? So like, for example, um, if I'm talking about like the info game here, the generic starting point would be zero, starting from scratch with no clients, and the end point could be, you know, um, making, you know, multi eight figures and moving on to software or something like that. Um, in the same way that the generic niche start point for a startup could be raising capital and the generic niche endpoint for a startup could be IPO-ing or going public on, on the, on the NASDAQ or the stock market, right? And so what we see in all niches is a journey, and people in that niche are on this journey, and some people never finish the journey, some people barely start it, some people get stuck, but the point you need to realize is the problem you solve is going to be, is gonna, you're going to solve it at different stages, you know

The- the- you're going to have to pick a stage of maturity, and- and the only people you can really help are people at that stage of maturity, if that makes sense, because, you know, if- if you're a level 126 on Runescape, you're not going to have much interest in buying someone's quest guide for a level three quest. You're just- you're just not, right? So for example, let's take high-ticket info business owners like me, so consultants like me. Let's say I've done my research and I decide that I want to help info business owners solve the problem of their ads not working. So, you know, one problem that a lot of info business people have, or high-ticket consultants have, is problems running their ads. Now, what you need to realize is that not all marketing info business owners run ads, and whether or not they run ads depends on the level of maturity their business is at inside of the niche. So for example, if we say that the, um, maturity cycle for a consultant or info business owner, like me, is you start at zero a month and you finish at one million a month. Now, you don't really finish at a million a month, but for the sake of simplicity, let's say this is where you finish. If you're making 3K a month as a consultant, you're not going to be running ads because, you know, it's just too expensive and you can't really afford it. Same thing, 10K, 30K a month, you're probably not running ads at these points. Once you get past 50K a month, then you might start thinking about running ads, but to get to the multi-seven-figure mark, the- the eight-figure mark, you definitely need to run ads, right? So if your solution is- if what you're selling is a solution to help info consultants or high-ticket consultants, online consultants, with ads and running ads properly, then you're only going to be able to help people that are already running ads, and those are going to be people that are further along in the maturity journey, and you won't be helping these people back here. And so in other words, I'd be helping consultants fix their ads, but only consultants that run ads, which tend to be consultants who are already successful. If I tried to fix ads for someone starting a business, it would be nonsensical because th- they don't run them, right? Some problems are widespread throughout the entire niche, but it's important to nuance your thinking like this and not make the mistake to think that everyone in your niche has the problem you're trying to solve. You can't help everyone, only people that are at the level of maturity to which your problem is, you know, in the journey, if that makes sense. What I'm trying to communicate here is that not everyone in your niche will have the problem you're trying to solve, and a specific segment of the niche will. You need to understand who faces this problem beyond the surface level of just my niche does. So what I've got for you here is the critical questions for who, and I want you to make a copy of this, and I want you to do this right now because, as you can see, we've got the lovely little, you know, um, red warning icon. Or what- what do you call this? Like a siren or something? Action item, basically. So let's get it done. So you're going to pause this now and do this now. Answer all the questions with as much detail and as thoroughly as you can. So what is the average starting situation of my niche? So where does everyone, no matter their experience, have to start? What is the average ending situation of my niche? Where does everyone end up in the end if they didn't plateau? What's nirvana for them? What's the end game? Is it exit? Is it this? Doesn't have to just be business, by the way. You know, it doesn't have to be business. Like if you help... If you're a marriage consultant, then maybe the end game is, you know, to never get divorced. What are the key milestones of maturity between points one and two? So what stages stand out in your niche? First hire, first win? Like, what specific tangible points can you point out that the average niche journey will have? Again, this is the thing, is you don't... You're still learning your niche. You're not going to completely know the answers to all of these entirely, but you can start making guesses and fleshing these out as you do more sales calls and get better at this. At what point does your solution make sense on the milestone chart? So think niche maturity. Who is your solution relevant to? Early, middle, late, based on the average journey. And what must already be true about this person and their life if they're facing this problem? This is a crucial question. If- if they're facing this problem, then you should be able to predict certain things about them. So for example, if the problem that I'm solving is info business owners that can't scale their ads, then I already know that they must have a proven offer, because they're running ads; they must have cash in the bank, because they're running ads; they must have been in business for some time. You can make a bunch of assumptions about a person based on the current problem they're trying to solve because again, remember, it's about the need and the desire. There's a journey they're on here, and they're on a specific stepping stone. And what that means is that they've stepped over other stepping stones to get to that stepping stone. And so you should be able to predict what stepping stones they've already been on, i.e. what problems have they already solved to get to the level and the problem that they're at now. And so these questions, they need to be answered and they need to be done. And another action item is reviewing your week one niche research. So this should still be ongoing. If you remember, I gave you the action item in week one of, you know, properly researching your niche and understanding your niche, and I told you to do it for a good, like, two, three months. Like, 60 days, I think was what I said. And you should still be doing this every day. So, you know, you should have all these resources to hand, and you should be using them daily and continuously researching your niche until you fully understand it. And if you remember, we've got, um, resources like the Niche Dictionary, like the Niche and the Immersion Research notes, and obviously, the Problem and Solution Validation thing as well. You know, you should have done all this, and you should still be filling out a lot of these things here and there, right? So all these notes about your niche, all these little niche pieces of knowledge about your niche, you know, and the dictionary, all these terms and definitions and, you know, this- this little thing here with all the notes. Um, you know, how much outreach have you done? Have you done interviews with your niche? Are you consuming content about your niche? You know, all these things should be underway, and you should be doing them, and if you haven't been doing them, then you're going to fail and you're going to lose, so start doing them now and don't stop until you understand your niche for at least a good couple of months, right? Don't be an idiot and do the work 'cause there's no point in you just sitting through and watching these fucking videos and, you know, sitting there in your little comfortable comfort zone just theory-crafting this business and not actually doing anything. You need to make calls. You need to do interviews. You need to do research. Don't be a pussy. Fucking do it. Now, what? What actually is the problem? People are really bad at figuring this out when it comes to critical thinking and problem-solving. You need to know, like, what is it you're actually attacking here? Like, what's the problem here? Because... Well, let's take a medical perspective again. So say you're a doctor and a patient of yours comes in complaining of health issues. Your job is to find out what symptoms they have, so you can accurately diagnose the problem. A bad doctor is someone who misdiagnoses the problem due to not comprehending the symptoms properly or without having the full picture, and a terrible doctor is someone who just tries to solve the symptoms instead of the root cause of the problem. And so, you know-What a lot of consultants try and do is they just focus on the symptom. So, if someone comes to them and says, "Oh, I haven't got any leads," then the consultant's like, "Okay, well, you know, here's some leads." And the problem is that it's not... Problems aren't always as they seem, and problems are very deep. And what you don't want to do is- is just try and fix the symptoms, 'cause let's say that you are a doctor and someone comes to you, and let's say that this person has cancer, and you don't know they have cancer, and let's say that this problem is complain... Th- this- this- this, uh, they have stomach cancer, let's say. Uh, might not be a very nice thing, but let's say they have stomach cancer. Your patient comes in and they says, "I've- I've got really bad stomachaches and, you know, I've got, like, blood in my urine and stuff like that." And you look at them and you say, "Oh, okay, just go and take this pill and, um, you know, uh, you know, just drink- drink this drink and you won't have blood in your urine anymore and you won't have a stomachache." And th- the- the problem with that is what the doctor's done is, yes, they fix the symptoms, like, oh, just take this pill and you won't feel sick anymore, and if you do this then you won't have... You know, it's gonna thin your blood and you won't have, like, urine in your blood. How the hell that would work, right? You then go away and, you know, you're like, okay, right, take the pill, take the, take the, take the drink. Okay, now great, I don't have symptoms anymore. It must have gone away, it must be fixed. Well, the drink and the pill don't fix the cancer, but you don't have symptoms anymore. And so what happens is you basically think you're better when the cancer grows and grows and grows, and then eventually it grows to the point where you're terminal, and then you die. That's what happens i- if you don't... if you get a bad doctor or, in this instance, if you're a bad consultant. If you just go after the symptoms and you try and fix the symptoms, then you're not gonna do a very good job. This is why, for example, I have such a filthy, ridiculous focus on mindset training in this program. It's why I spent, I don't know, like, half a year building the mindset modules in this program. It's because everyone thinks that to start a business they need to have an idea, and they think they need to have, like, this, you know, idea, and they need to get, they need to get, like, a sales script and... You know, if you, if you said to someone who was trying to start a business, like, "Why have you not started a business?" They say, "Oh, I haven't had... I- I don't have the idea," or, "I don't have the sales skills," or, "I don't have the appointments," or, "I don't have the- the software," or whatever. That's where their mind goes, right? And those are symptoms of the problem existing. The real problem is that their mindset is totally fucked, their identity's in the bin, and they don't know how to think. So, what I had to do with this course was spend basically half a year of my life building incredibly deep and complicated mindset models and making them as simple as possible for you to comprehend, and that's the true way that I solve this problem That's my Trojan horse. I lure you in by saying, "Hey, I'm gonna help you start a business, become financially free, and I'm gonna give you all my scripts and templates and ideas, and I'll give you the exact niche and everything." And you- you buy those things and you buy into them because fundamentally you think that's what you, what you need and what you want. But really, it's not what you need and want. What you need is a complete overhaul of the way that you see the world and comprehend reality. And once you get that, then everything starts to come into place. Yes, you still need the sales scripts. Yes, you still need the, the niches and you need the ideas and you need to know how to think, but fundamentally, the real nexus of the issue when it comes to people getting rich is mindset at the very beginning, right? Once you get a little further along, it's more about strategy and hiring and being tactical and stuff like that, and marketing. But getting off the ground, getting to six figures, more than six figures is purely a mindset game, purely mindset. And so, you know, I recognize that and that's why this program's been engineered the way it has with such an emphasis on mindset. And so, that's, like, the- the true cause of the problem. If I just focused on, like, here's my sales scripts, like, you wouldn't get results anywhere near as good. And don't worry, I'm still gonna give you insane sales training and everything, but you get the point. So, um, remember, the problems exist for- for two reasons. Um, well, really problems exist because of three reasons, right? It's, you know, they haven't got the information or the time or the resources to solve it, but if the person hasn't designed a new goal and then they lack the information to get there Or, of course, you know, we- we can put here, you know, or, um, time, resources, constraints, right? We know this. Like that, okay? A problem is simply a lack of information, which is why we spend so much time discussing critical information in earlier videos. It might, once again, not always be due to a lack of information. Sometimes it can be due to constraints like time, resources, resistance, et cetera. But that doesn't change the fact that we need to know what the problem is. So there's another workbook for you here that will help you understand, like, what the problem is. So first of all, um, what are the symptoms of this problem in the niche's personal life? So, how does this thing manifest? So for example, if you had brain cancer, right, and you had cancer, um, how does that manifest in your life? You might get headaches, you might get tired, you might get migraines, you might have epi-... you might have, like, fits and seizures. You know, uh, all the symptoms that happen because of the... The problem is the cancer. The problem isn't the seizures, the migraines, et cetera, et cetera. These are just symptoms, these are just signals telling you that there is a problem, if that makes sense. And so what you wanna do is you wanna look at the symptoms of this problem and how that shows up in your niche's personal life. So maybe it makes them stressed, maybe they lose sleep over it, maybe it makes them really unhappy, maybe it- it ruins their personal relationships, maybe it shortens their lifespan, whatever the hell, right? What are the consequences of this problem in their personal life? Same thing for their professional life. What are the symptoms, um, and how do they show up in their professional life? You know, we can talk about that. What are the true cause of these symptoms? Why do these exist? So, why do these symptoms exist? Not... Y- the symptom doesn't exist because of the symptom, you know? It's kind of like if someone says like, "Oh, like, my business isn't growing." It's like, well, that's a symptom. That's not, that's not the problem. The problem is, you know, you just probably don't have the infrastructure or resources or systems to facilitate business growth, right? So the lack of growth isn't the problem, it's actually indicative of something a bit deeper. What environmental factors influence the problem, and what has the niche already tried to do to solve this problem? What does your niche hate about solving this problem? What are some of the belief systems that your bel- niche has about this problem and solving it? What are they missing in their life that would solve this problem? And what actually is the problem here? What's the true thing they're struggling with? Like, the- the real nexus of this, like, what's the root, root cause of the issueSo pause the video now, ask these questions with as much thought and intent as you can. Don't just write little one-word answer in here or a little couple of sentences here. Really think these through and get real deep, okay? So where, where are they at with this problem? Where does it show up in their life? Where would they be if they fixed it versus where will they be if they don't? And once again, we've got these critical questions. So where does this problem show up in their life? And you're gonna see some overlaps here with like, you know, the personal life questions that I gave you a second ago. Um, but, you know, where does this, where does this problem show up in their life? Um, and I think... Yeah, okay. Sorry, let me explain this. So where does this problem show up in their life? Primary places. So where's the big, like, very obvious places this shows up? But then where else does this problem show up in their life? And these are the secondary places, so places that might not be as obvious or pa- places that might not be as straightforward to, to immediately gauge. You know, so for example, let's say that, um, uh, let's say that I have the problem... Uh, do you know what? I'll, I'll let you figure this one out. It's pretty straightforward. It's pretty straightforward. I just wanna keep this moving, in case you can't tell, 'cause we've got a lot to cover throughout this, throughout this week three training. Um, where does the niche go to solve this problem? So where have they tried to solve it before? And overall, on average, where is the niche at solving this problem? So if you look at your market as a whole and your niche as a whole, everyone's trying to solve this problem, or at least the people at the level of maturity that you're working with, right? So you need to take a look at them and be like, "You know, how far along are they with this solution?" And, and like how, what sort of advancements are being made? And, you know, what sort of innovations are being made? And how, how close are we to people really understanding how this works, right? So for example, you know, you could, you could say like, one of the problems you want to solve is solving hunger in third-world countries, right? Well, if you knew that place, that sort of... it's not a market per se, 'cause that's quite a cold way to look at it. But if you knew that place or that demographic quite well, you'd be able to map the history of, on average, how well third-world countries are doing to battle poverty and hunger, et cetera, et cetera, right? And you could, you could put that in here. Bit of a niche thing, but you get my point. Where do they end up if this problem isn't solved? So what's the final destination of a member of your niche if this problem stays around forever? And where do they end up if this problem is solved? So all of these questions, where does this problem show up? Where else does it show up? Where are th- where do they try and go to solve it? Where are they at trying to solve it? Where do they end up if it's not solved? And where do they end up if it is solved? Critical questions. Pause the video, answer them as best you can, and, um, pretty, it's pretty crucial. So when? So we also need to understand, like, how long this problem's been around for and understand this problem in the context of time. So what problems have they already faced and solved to get to this problem? So remember, problems are stepping stones along a journey towards an outcome or need t- fulfillment, right? What that means is that if this person's facing this problem, they've probably solved some previous problems to get to this problem. Once again, they are stepping stones, right? They've stepped along a bunch of stones to get to this one. And so you need to know when, like, the, the timeline of what they've already done to solve it. Okay? It's a timeline. It's what have they done in the past to get to this point? So what problems have they already faced to get to this point? What problems have they already faced and solved to get to thi- this problem? I think I've just repeated myself here. Yes, I have. So let's, um, let's delete that. Apologies for that. Uh, okay. I think what I intended to do with this question, um... (keyboard clicking) Here we go. Excuse me trying, changing this as we go, but I'm sure you can forgive me. I meant to make this amendment when I wro- when I made this document. Um, so the, the opposite to the, to the, the question of the past is the future. So this question is basically where, what have they done to get to this point. The next question is, what problems will they face after this problem? So what's next, right? So if they solve the problem of whatever the hell you're solving for them, what does that open up? And trust me, it opens up something else, right? Like, every problem leads to another problem. It's like Whac-A-Mole. You can't close a door without opening another. It's impossible, at least in business or in life, right? When do they wanna fix it? How urgent is this? When will they, when will, when will it cause them enough pain for them to truly decide now is the time to fix it? And when are the symptoms of this problem at their worst? And how long have they had this problem for, you know? Like, all of these questions need to be contextualized because understanding problems against time is, is pretty crucial. And the last thing is why. Why is, is so important. Like, you can chuck the rest of it away, really. If you just understand why, then you can get to the how. Because again, it's kind of like, if you're a doctor and a, a patient comes to you with lots of symptoms, if you know why those symptoms are happening, then you know exactly what the cause is, the root cause. And if you know what the root cause is, you can, you can sort of triangulate exactly what needs to be done and exactly what needs to be applied. And so problems are buried under symptoms, right? They're buried under all these little things that we think are the problem, but really they're not. They're just this, this mirage, this sort of, you know, painful thing. Th- this is the, this is the weird thing, right? It's like, if you have cancer... I know I'm using very horrible, uh, medical examples here, but they really cut through the noise, right? If you have cancer, like, the reason that you think... Okay, you have cancer, and that cancer gives you symptoms, like I said, the stomachache or the fatigue or seizures or whatever the hell, right? The, the symptoms are the things that cause you pain, right? So the symptoms are your body trying to communicate, "Hello. Something is fundamentally wrong that you need to fix, and I'm going to cause pain to tell you." So for example, if you, if you, like, crush your leg, you know, in a car crash, then your body's gonna send lots of pain signals because it needs you to act in accordance with the pain. So if your leg gets crushed and you're s- you're losing lots of blood, then your body's gonna be like, "Here's some pain." Because if you're, if you're not in pain, you might not bother dealing with it. (laughs) Sure, you could look down, be like, "I should probably get that checked out," but ultimately, pain is the thing that gets you to the hospital. It gets you stitched up. It gets you under anesthetic. It gets you operated on because you wanna get out of that pain as fast as possible, right? And so your body uses pain to communicate issues. And what that means is, what a lot of people do is they look at the pain and they feel the pain, and they assume that the pain is the problem. And it kind of is, in a way, but this is the thing. Is, it's not th- it's not that... Cancer doesn't cause you pain, right? This is, again, a medical example. Cancer doesn't cause you pain. Cancer causes symptoms that cause you pain, if that makes sense. 'Cause cancer is, is, is a growth of cells, right? And so there's lots of other examples medically, um, of this. You know, like for example, like, with your immune system, like, let's say that you get the flu, right? The, it's not... The flu doesn't cause you pain. What the flu does is it causes symptoms that cause you pain, right? And yes, you can say that the flu causes you the pain because the flu causes the thing that caused the pain. But my point here is this. There's a sort of layer to solving problems, and you need to get to the cause. Like, why does this pain exist? Why does this pain exist? Get all the way to the bottom of it and find the root cause, and then you can actually start solving the issue. If you try and fix this at a symptom level or, or fix it at s- at a surface level, pain level, you're screwed. And the reason people struggle with problem-solving so much is because they focus on the pain, and they focus on what sucks because that's where the emotion is. But you wanna get below that, a step below it, and, and really get to the root of the problem. And if you can find out why it exists, like if you can get to the why... And obviously the why is a lack of information or a lack of cons- uh, or a, a, a significance of constraint on time or resources, right? But usually, it's a lack of information. That's why the problem exists, but what is the information they're lacking, right? Do you know what I mean? It's, it goes a layer deeper than that. So why

This problem exists. No, but, like, why? What's the true nature of it, where does it come from, and why is it a problem? This is the most crucial thing to understand, because if you understand why it exists, you can gauge how to fix it. Why is the most important thing by a large country mile. So, to understand why problems exist, we're gonna use something called Socratic reasoning, which I will explain in a little bit more detail as we go through the thinking tools here. Um, so let's have a quick look here. So, answer all the questions with as much detail as, as possible, and as thoroughly as you can, and keep going until you find the raw truth, the first principle that cannot be further questioned. Do you remember in week two when we talked about your drive vacuums, and we talked about, um, getting to the bottom of, like, why you want to grow a business and why you want to make this money? And we talked about how it might be to do with the fact that you wanna buy a car, and then we were like, "Well, why do you want to buy a car?" It's like, "Oh, because I want status," or, "Why do I want status? Oh, because of this." And we got to the, the root-- the real core psychological issue at hand here, right? Should have done that in week two; if you didn't, you're not doing the action items, you're being an idiot. But most of you have, right? Um, you have. You should have. I'm talking to you directly. So, why does this problem exist? And you can give multiple answers if necessary, 'cause here's the thing. Like, the problem that your niche is facing, like, it might exist because of lots of reasons. Now, truly, the reason a problem exists in a, in a person's life is because they need something or desire something, and they either lack the information to get that thing, or they lack the resources, or they have constraints to stop them from implementing the information to get that thing. That's why a problem exists. What I'm trying to do here is discern the cause-and-effect relationships to understand what information would need to be applied to solve the problem, if that makes sense. So th- we're going a layer deeper than just, like, the standard why. It's like, what's the cause and effect here? What's the thing that's causing this problem to be existing in the first place? Yes, it's a lack of information, but what information is missing, right? You see what I mean? So, why do you think this problem exists? Why does it exist? Try your best to answer it, as many causes as you can. And then what you do is you say, "Why does the answer from point one exist?" And then, "Why does the answer from point two exist?" And then, "Why does the answer from point three exist? Why does the answer from point five exist, four exist, and why does the answer from point five exist?" And so what we're doing here is this is called Socratic reasoning, where we're asking why a bunch of times. And this is a really hard (laughs) thing to do. It takes a lot of energy, it takes a lot of work, and it's, it can be pretty exhausting to do. But what we're trying to do here is get to the real root cause of why this problem exists in the first place, and once we understand why, then we know immediately what information we need to go and seek and find to solve the problem, because you've got it real clear, right? So here's an example. So, let's say that, um, uh, let's have this here. So here's an example. Problem, young guys... This is obviously the problem that I'm solving, um, specifically with this course, right? Young guys being broke or financially constrained. So that's the problem. So why does this problem exist? Like, why is this a problem? Well, young men aren't educated properly on how to become rich and successful. Young men lack discipline and emotional control. Young men are impulsive. Some young men are lazy and have no work ethic. Most young men have l- have learned limiting financial belief systems from parents. Most young men hang around losers and have no hope of making it, right? These are some of the reasons. I mean, there's, there's, there's probably, like, way more than this, right? But this is why this problem exists, right? Of young guys being broke. So, why do these things exist? Well, teachers, um, teachers at school are poor and uneducated financially. Society is constructed and softened, um, constructed to soften men and make them weak. You know, we live in... N- not, not intentionally, right? There's no Matrix here, but we live in very easy times, and that creates very weak men, right? All men seem to worry about nowadays is, you know, a bunch of bullshit. You know, we're not going to war, we're not having to, like, sit in trenches and immeasurably suffer. We end up just, you know, worrying, like, that our phones haven't gotten a fucking charge or something. Um, neuroscience says that adolescent males are the most emotionally impulsive. Um, men have nothing to care for, um, care for or work towards that they think is... Sorry, men have nothing to care for or work towards, or they think it's not possible. Their parents have limiting bel- beliefs and pass them down. Most socially accessible peers are broke and lost due to the above. So, you know, if we say, like, "Why are young men broke?" Well, some- part of the reason is because young men hang around losers who have no hope of making it, and that rubs off on them. Well, why does this happen? It's because, well, most peers that are socially accessible to them are broke, you know? And then why does this happen? And what we do is we keep going and going and going here. Um, and there's another bunch of reasons here that go into these reasons. And, you know, I'd keep going, but I think you get the point. You want to reason through all the causes of the problem you have and keep going until you can't go anymore. And you'll know you've hit the bottom once you find a truth or a statement that cannot be questioned. This is how you find the root cause, and this is the key here, is causes. There's usually going to be more than one cause to this problem, and what that means is when you create your solution or your methodology to help your clients, you're gonna have to a- apply multiple pieces of critical information to solve multiple causes. It's gonna be multifaceted and nonlinear, and it's gonna be complicated, but we're gonna get it done. And these are the things that you must attack when constructing your solution. The root causes give you the best indicator of where to look and go hunting for critical information to solve this problem. A- again, we're gonna go and venture out, and I'm gonna show you how to do this. We're gonna go and venture into unknown reality. We're gonna go and find information to solve this problem, and the only way that you're gonna know what to look for and what's critical and what's not is based on your understanding of this problem and why the problem exists in the first place and what's causing this problem to be a thing. It's ab- it's absolutely crucial, and what's really important here is all we're trying to do, by understanding why this problem exists and what the real root causes or causes are, is because we're trying to put cause to effect. Because, you know, the problem that your niche is experiencing is an effect. It's a synthe- synthesis, if you like. What this means is that it was caused by something, usually multiple things. So if we can understand what the causes are to the problem in their purest form and trace them up a ladder of Socratic reasoning, then we can remove those causes or change them or adjust them, and that's how we solve the problem. It's cause and effect.And the problem is an effect, and so if we understand the cause that is creating the effect, we can manipulate the cause to change the effect. We don't just go in and change the effect, that's impossible. We change the thing that's causing it, and the thing that caused it to happen, we either remove things or add things or change things, and bang, suddenly things are different, right? You don't really get rid of it, you just change it. So that's the why. And those are the critical questions. So couple of things, be sure to store all your answers in Google Drive for future use, because you will need these again when we come to see critical information later videos, and you wanna go back through these questions and just answer them as best you can. You know, you're not gonna have all the answers right now. Y- it's gonna be frustrating 'cause you're gonna be trying to answer questions that you simply don't have the understanding to answer yet, but the cool thing is by priming your brain in this way and forcing you to really think deeply about this problem, as you're going to find critical information and start doing research on how to solve this thing, you're gonna be able to, you'll, you'll be way more primed to find the right stuff, okay? So you simply won't know all the answers. The only way you're gonna understand this problem is by taking sales calls, signing clients, and trying to solve it. All we're trying to do here is get a little foothold so we can start climbing and solving the problem to a point where we can improve it with iteration, feedback, and more clients. Okay, so you're not gonna get this right the first time around. It's not gonna be perfect. You're not gonna hit the nail on the head. You're not gonna have this home run, silver bullet solution or methodology that magically solves everything for clients completely. No, no, no. We're gonna have to go through lots and lots of iteration and testing, but the main thing is all we're trying to do is just get a little foothold, just a foot in the door with this problem and a slight understanding of it that warrants us adding just a s- a small, minuscule amount of value so we can start making some money and signing our first couple of clients. All right? You're not gonna get this right the first time around. You wanna become an expert, this is something that's gonna take you a long, long time to develop. You know, be under no illusion, this isn't gonna be a walk in the park. It's gonna take some time, as I've cl- set your expectations for a few times, okay? So anyway, that's the critical questions workbook. Please complete it in full, complete it as best you can, do it properly, don't skip it, don't think it's too difficult or don't think you shouldn't answer it now. I can't stand people that don't take action. Like if you're gonna just sit through this whole module and course by, and just, just watch and just think that that's gonna get you somewhere, like you're a fucking idiot. I really mean that, and I mean that with love and good intention, right? So don't procrastinate it, do the bloody work, and don't be an idiot, and don't come crying to me or anyone when you don't get results because you didn't do what I told you to do, okay? Put your ego aside and do it. Trust me, I want what's best for you and I love you and I want to see you win, so do it. So tools for understanding. So now that you have done your critical questions and you've got a pretty good gauge of the true nature of this problem, the who, what, where, when, and why, the how will become more apparent as we start exploring how to find critical information, right? But one thing that I wanna give you, oh, well, really there's eight things I wanna give you here. I wanna give you eight tools that you can use as you embark on your journey to finding a solution so that you can better organize your thinking, better organize your decision-making, and become way more rational and tact in your approach to solving this thing. So in addition to answering critical questions, we can use a series of mental models and problem-solving tools to further help us understand this problem or at least find a solution that is more adequate than you otherwise would have. You need to get good at using all of these if you want to become a serious entrepreneur. For now, I'm just gonna give you a really light introduction to these. I use them daily for everything in business, not just solving a specific problem. You can use these tools for all your decision-making and problem-solving for everything in the business, right? And the funny thing is, is what, I'm teaching you how to solve your problem for your clients here, but any problem that you face in your business, right, any problem you face in your business specifically, you can use the same tools, the same critical questions, the same methodology. Like I don't think you quite understand the, the level of power you're going to have in your personal life and your business life by understanding how to properly solve problems. Like it might seem that what I'm doing here in this week three training is teaching you how to become an expert and teaching you how to get good at like helping your clients with this one thing, but what I'm really doing is giving you underlying principles to solve any problem in life, any problem, and you can carry these ideas through to everywhere in your life for the people you love, for your personal life, for your fitness, for your health, your marriage, your relationships, with your business, anything you want. If you know how to solve problems, you, you, you're unstoppable. It's just a matter of time, right? So you can use it. So again, I can't stress this enough, all of these ideas here I could individually probably make one to two to three-hour-long videos on, right? What I'm gonna do instead is just give you a real brief, quick rundown for the sake of just getting this thing moving. I don't, I, I want you to just get moving now, I want you to start taking some real actions and keep these, keep these videos fast, snappy, and quick instead of bogging you down with too much theory. You're gonna need to learn these tools inside out if you wanna get to multi seven figures, eight figures. If you wanna become a serious entrepreneur, you're gonna have to learn how to think in these ways. For now, we're not gonna get too involved, we're just gonna go through them and blast through them. So the first one is inversion. So inversion is a very powerful thinking tool whereby we take, we take a problem and we invert it to find the solution, or we flip it on its head to find the opposite of what we're dealing with. Um, funny, funny quote, one of my favorite quotes that summarizes inversion perfectly is from the investor Charlie Munger, who died a billionaire, multi-billionaire, um, sadly died. Um, he said that, "All I want to know in life is where I'm going to die so I never go there." Right? And he di- he died recently, which is kind of ironic, but not really 'cause he was a good guy. But that's, that's inversion in its finest form. It's like if you know where you're going to die, then you just don't go there, and then you don't die. So instead of trying to live, just try not to die. (laughs) Do you know what I mean? And that's what we see happening a lot in the moment with these longevity programs and stuff, like don't try and expand, extend your lifespan, just try and like not reduce it, if that makes sense. It's way easier to do the opposite than it is the thing that you're trying to do. So what we do is we take the opposite and we ask ourselves what the opposite of the opposite is, and that gives us an answer. So this obviously sounds a bit confusing, so let me give you some examples of how we've already used inversion in the program. So we've already used inversion a few times throughout the modules here to help you, you know, make progress towards starting this business and making money, so you've already kind of done this, so you've already practiced it a little bitSo, for example, problem, how do I make money? Well, we can apply inversion here by asking, what is the opposite of making money? If money is flowing in one direction, what's flowing in the other direction? And then we can understand, well, money is made when value is created. So if we want to make money, we don't focus on trying to make money. We focus on the opposite of money, which is value. Does that make sense? Now, you might say that the opposite of money is, like, being broke or being financially constrained, and you could then take the same route of saying, "How do I get rich?" Well, what if instead of trying to get rich, I just try not to be poor? And then what you do is you list out all the behaviors that poor people do and you just try to avoid those behaviors. Right. That's not going to be a foolproof way because you're still going to have to adjust your behavior to be a rich person, but it's damn good place to start. Another example. Um, a lot of people say this. "I don't know what idea to use to start a business." Well, we all know this means I don't know what to sell. I don't know what solution to provide. You don't know what, what, what idea to have. So what's the op- what's the opposite of an idea or what's the opposite of a solution? Well, a problem. So what we do is we start with a problem, and by finding a problem, we create a solution, which then becomes the idea. So we don't go looking for an idea to start a business. We go looking for a niche, we find a problem, and then we solve that problem. And then the solution to that problem is the idea. That's inversion. Now, it's entirely possible to achieve things through their opposite. So you want to start by looking for what something isn't, and then invert that to find out what is. So primary example was in week two mindset training. So remember when I had to basically, like, remember when I talked about my outreach epiphany and I talked about, like, my client acquisition epiphany and how I had all these limiting beliefs to do with outreach and getting clients, and they were really holding me back and limiting my behavior? Well, instead of trying to find out what beliefs I needed to have in order to solve the problem, I found out what my limiting beliefs currently were, and then I simply inverted them to find out the opposite. And then I knew exactly what I needed to believe just by finding what I already believed to be true. Does that make sense? The fastest way to solving a problem is typically going to be through its opposite. Okay? So practical use cases. What you can do, this is a really cool little thing, in the case, in the case of your niche's problem, simply ask yourself the following. What could I do to make this problem worse? What would I do if I really didn't want this problem to be solved? And what should I do to ensure this problem never gets solved? So what you're trying to do is find ways that you... to, to make this problem worse or not solve it, and then if you find those ways, if you ask yourself, "Okay, now that I've found those ways, what's the opposite of these ways?" That's how you find a solution. So you finally asked these questions or similar questions you create, create yourself, and then you can simply invert your answers to find out what you should do. It's by knowing what not to do that we can find out what to do. So let's say, like, you know, you've got migraines, and you're like, "Hmm, what can I do to make these migraines worse? Well, what about if I drank, like, you know, less water or drank more caffeine, i, I slept less? Yeah, that would make my migraines worse. Oh, okay, well, how do I get rid of my migraines then? Oh, m- drink more water, don't drink caffeine, and sleep more." Like, you know, obviously, that's quite a rudimentary example, right? But it's often way easier to find out what you shouldn't do than what you should. And if you want to find out what you should, you find out what you shouldn't, and then you invert it and find its opposite. And that's such a... I've used this tool hundreds if not thousands of times in business and in life, and it's made me lots of fucking money, right? Pretty cool tool. Second is Socratic reasoning. We've already talked about this. Um, this is basically, you know, using the five whys approach. Now, traditionally, um, this isn't actually called the five whys approach. It is called the five whys approach, but basically, Socrates, Socrates, the guy who invented Socratic reasoning, used a lot more than five whys. He would sometimes go way deeper than that. Um, but the objective here with, with Socratic reasoning is, is asking why a bunch of times and trying to get to the bottom of things. It's not about being right or confirming what you already know or believe to be true. It's about trying to find the raw truth about the nature of something. So, what I want to do is give you an example. Um, practical use case-wise, we've already done this, right? A minute ago, I, I just showed you the why-based critical questions, and you should be able to get to the bottom of them, the problem using them. But here's an example, um, that I actually have, um, had some help with, because, you know, thinking this through critically would have... it, it took, took me a fair bit, right? So let me give you an example of Socratic reasoning from climate change. So the problem that humans face, I mean, some people deny it, some people believe it. I, I'm not here to debate the fucking politics of it or the biology of it or whatever. But let's say that, you know, um, we take the problem of climate change or global warming, right? What we can do is we can use Socratic reasoning to understand why things happen and why problems exist. So here's an example. If we wanted to understand why does climate change exist? Okay. So why does climate change exist? Well, it's because greenhouse gases are accumulating in the atmosphere and warming the planet. Well, why are greenhouse gases accumulating? Because human activities like burning fossil fuels, deforestation, and agriculture emit them. Well, why do we burn fossil fuels and deforest land? Because our economic systems rely on energy and resources to fuel production, transportation, and growth. So you can see, like, we're starting to break through the noise here a little bit. We're starting to find out, like, why climate change actually exists. It's not just because, like, you know, of some gasses in the atmosphere, because you need to go find out why those things happen and why those things happen and why those things happen, right? So the question then becomes, well, why does our economic system rely on constant growth and resource extraction? Because it's based on capitalism, which incentivizes profit maximization, competition, expansion. And why does capitalism incentivize these things? Because it treats nature as an externality, something separate from economic value, and prioritizes short-term gains over long-term sustainability. And then, you know, we get a little deeper. Why do we treat nature as separate from ourselves or as an external cost? Because of our dominant worldview, rooted in Enlightenment thinking, sees humans as above or separate from nature, not embedded within it. So we start getting into some real deep shit here. So why do we hold this worldview? Because over centuries, Western culture has shifted towards human exceptionism, mechanistic science, and control over the natural world, i.e. we've, we've strayed away from religion, right?Um, and why did that worldview dominate globally? Because of colonialism, imperialism, and other globalized systems that exploited Western values, economics, and industrial prowess across the world. So, you know, throughout history, you know, the, the, the Europeans, we, we did some pretty bad shit, you know, by colonizing a bunch of countries and taking all of our belief systems with us, you know, which gave us the ability to colonize in the first place. And why did Western culture adopt a worldview of separation from nature and mechanistic control and growth at all costs? Well, because it provided a sense of certainty, dominance, and security in an unpredictable world, replacing older, r- r- relational, animistic, or spiritual frameworks with systems of control, order, and power. So it's kind of like, and it's just, the human condition has just given ascent to this. And we... you know, it gets deeper. Why do we need to feel certainty, dominance and secu- security over nature? Because humans are afraid of death, chaos, vulnerability, and powerlessness in the face of na- natural world's uncontrollable forces. You know, these are things that we would have dealt with when we were evolving, and if we had the choice when we were evolving, we wouldn't have dealt with them, which is kind of the choice that we have now. So why are we afraid of powerlessness and death? You know, and you, you can kind of get my point. Um, we, we can, we can keep going all the way through these questions, but, you know, you can pause for a second here and read these through if you want. But you, you get my point, right? We, we... where we started is, why does climate change exist? Oh, it's because greenhouse gases are accumulating in the atmosphere and warming the planet. Right? Oh, that's, that's why climate change exists. But eventually, we end up with the idea that, you know, that's the nature of physical reality. Energy flows from high to low, and complexity arises from temporary, um, temporary weather conditions like... A- again, like I said, I don't have the intellectual prowess to necessarily explain this all on my own. I had a lot of help from a very, very, very smart person here. Um, but the, the point I'm making is you can, you can take this shit as deep as you want, right? And, you know, eventually you're going to get to a point where your explanation collapses and you can't really explain, like, physics or why the universe exi-

... or why God exists or why we had the Big Bang. Like, it all, a-a, all of it just, uh, at the end of the day, every single piece of Socratic reasoning is gonna come back to the Big Bang or th- the, or creationism or the, the start of time, right? If you take it to its extreme. Um, I wanted to give you this example to show that you can take it to its extreme, but that, you know, it might suffice just to stop at a certain point where you don't need to get into this existential chaos basically. But the point is, you know, I want to show you that there, there are very specific levels to Socratic reasoning and it might suffice just to stop here, if that makes sense, to, to solve the problem in question. Okay? So let's give an example. Um, so that's Socratic reasoning. The next tool is first principles. Um, the first principles are insane. I could literally make a three-hour video on these. Um, I'm not going to because, you know, we want to keep this moving, but for now you just need to be aware that they exist and that this is, they're a really cool tool that you can use to, to solve problems. So first principles are fundamental truths that cannot be further questioned. They are statements that cannot be deduced any further, are self-evident, universally accepted, true regardless of context, and true regardless of opinion. In other words, they are ideas that are so true that they cannot be picked apart, attacked, or in any way questioned at all. Things that cannot be false, right? Cannot be false. So some tangible examples of first principles. These are statements of, of truth that are so rooted in the objective that they cannot be false in any way, shape, or form. So for example, in physics, a first principle is that force equals mass times acceleration. So this explains motion and how things move. You can't question this. It's impossible. Unless you were very smart and you were able to prove Newton wrong and question the entire fabric of science, you can't do it. In nutrition, calories. Calories are units of energy, and weight loss or weight gain is about energy balance. So if you're in a calorie surplus, you gain weight. If you're in a calorie deficit, you lose weight. Now there are people that are actually trying to challenge this at the moment, but it's standing the test of time. In electronics, the first principle of electronics is that electricity is the flow of electrons, right? In cooking steaks, heat causes chemical reactions, like the Maillard reaction. So you know when you cook a steak and it goes brown, and it has that beautiful little crispy, you know, I'm gonna get hungry now. That beautiful, like, crispy sort of skin, not skin to it, but it gets that nice little crust. Well, that happens because of a chemical reaction. And every time you cook a steak at a certain temperature, you're gonna get that chemical reaction whether you like it or not. It's a, it's a first principle. It's true, it cannot be further questioned, no matter what. It's kinda like, it's kinda like saying, um, the boiling point of water is a certain temperature, right? Like, it just is true. You, there's no other way around it. You, you, you can't, like, there's no, there's no way around it. Like, as soon as the temperature of the water gets to a specific point, that is when it is boiling, right? Pretty simple. Uh, uh, specifically with science, there's loads of examples of these. Um, but you, you get the point, right? So intangible examples. In decision-making, every choice involves a trade-off. So if you make a decision, then you're always making a trade-off, and you're losing the opportunity to make better decision. The first principle of psychology, or one of, rather, the fir- one of the first principles of psychology, there's quite a few, is that people act to avoid pain or seek pleasure. In learning, um, one of the first principles is that understanding is more important than memory. So when it comes to executing on, um, knowledge, it's more crucial that you understand the knowledge than you do remember it, because, you know, you remember a lot of things unconsciously. In the same way that, you know, I'm recording this video for you now, I'm telling you lots of different information, not because I necessarily remember it, but just because I understand it and I can communicate about it because I'm understanding. If this was true, if memory was more important than understanding, then students would be the smartest people on Earth because they remember more things than anybody else. Not true. In business, value is created when a problem is solved. Can't argue with that. Money is made when value is created. You can't argue with it, mate. You can't. It's impossible. Trust me, I've tried. I spent years trying to disprove that thing. Maybe I am wrong, but I don't think I am. In trust, trust is earned, not demanded. Okay? So if you're trying to earn someone's trust, you can't just demand that they trust you, it can only be earned. And you know, you, you might demand it and you might think they trust you, but fundamentally the only way someone's gonna trust you is if you earn their trust, not if you demand it. So these are some examples of base truths. When you think about the problem at hand, there are gonna be fundamental truths, first principles that cannot be further questioned or argued against. If you can find these, then you can reason up from them and really gain a big advantage. And here's an example of Elon Musk on how he used first principles to solve the problem of the car battery manufacturing being too expensive in Tesla. So you can watch this video here. I'm not gonna, um, watch this now, but you can watch this. Pause this video real quick and go and watch this. It's two minutes and 36 seconds long, I think. I've watched it quite a few times. And basically, Elon Musk's explaining here, like, one of the problems that Tesla had was that, um, creating batteries, lithium batteries, was too expensive, and Elon Musk had to sort of use first principles to figure out what the raw components of a battery were and, you know, where they were be- being sourced from, and he, he figured out how to basically cut the cost of, um, electric car batteries significantly, massively, so he could actually, like, scale Tesla and produce batteries en masse, right? And he used first principles to do that. There's all sorts of examples of people using first principles on the internet. This is the easiest one that explains it straight to the point. So the point I'm making is when you think about this problem you're solving for your niche, there are gonna be fundamental truths and first principles that cannot be further questioned, that if you understand, you can then use to build your reasoning up from. So spend some time thinking through this and asking yourself, what are the fundamental truths? What are the statements you can make about this problem that are universally acceptable, importantly have no exceptions, and are always gonna be true regardless of time, context, or opinion? There'll be a ton. And once you've listed them out, you can start reasoning from them and building your methodology and service accordingly. So one first principle I use in client acquisition is the first principle of psychology that people act to avoid pain. And if, if I know that people act to avoid pain, then I can start putting pain in my client acquisition systems and put- causing people to feel pain so they actually act. I'm trying to get them to act to make a decision, right?... trying to get them to buy something. People only do things if they're in pain. What that means is when, when it comes to sales scripts or writing copy, you want to focus on causing them pain. And if you cause them pain, they'll act, 'cause they don't wanna be in pain anymore. In the same way that if you get in a car crash and crush your leg, that pain is gonna get ... y- you're gonna be ... you best bloody know the only thing you're gonna care about for the next hour or two is getting yourself to a hospital and g- getting some morphine, you know, or getting rid of that pain, right? Simple. Note, thinking from first principles is a tough skill to learn, let alone master. Takes years of practice to nail this and cut straight through. But once you learn it, you become a force to be reckoned with. So here's some examples of the first principles for my niche, for marketing agency owners, coach consultants, they all need to get clients to make money. It's kind of impossible for one of these people to make money without having a client if they're doing the business model that I think they're doing. If it's, like, affiliates or something, it's different. They would all rather speak to qualified leads than unqualified leads. Volume, if qualified, increases the chance of acquiring a client. Everyone has a current situation, desired situation. Now there's, there's, there's, there's hundreds of these, right? But you get my point. You can list out some things that you think are fundamentally true. And th- the way to test this is, whether or not something's true and whether or not you found a first principle, is see if you can find an exception to the rule, and if you can't find an exception to the rule, then it's fundamentally true. In the same way, there's no exception to the fact that, um, electricity is a flow of electrons. There's no exception, ever. It's just, we just know it to be true. And once you know the truth, you can orient yourself and make all your decisions around the truth, which means you're rooted in rationality, you're rooted in objectivity, you're rooted in logic, and your decisions will be way smarter and more accurate. Pareto principle. We're not gonna run through this because we've already done it before. You should know this. Pareto principle is basically the universal phenomenon where 80% of the effects come with 20% of the causes, okay? So we know this, th- the, the exponential distribution. We talked about this heavily in week one in Six Figure Fusion, um, and we know that this works, okay? So 80% of things that happen are caused by 20% of the things that happen, pretty much. So, for example, 80% of wealth is owned by 20% of people, 80% of customers buy from 20% of businesses, 80% of traffic can be found by 20% of the roads. You know, we talked about this, how, like, 80% of rainfall happens in 20% of countries. You know this already. I'm not gonna teach you to suck eggs here because, you know, you're getting, you're getting a little bit more advanced with thinking as you've been through this stuff. What you need to know are a couple of the practical use cases of the Pareto principle when it comes to trying to solve a problem for your niche. So ask yourself where are the leverages. What parts of this problem are the worst? What small parts of this problem, if I solve, create the most value? Do I need to solve this entire problem to create a ton of value? What symptoms should I focus on trying to alleviate? What is causing the most pain, and what aspects of this problem aren't really that much of a problem? So the point I'm making here is, you know, we can see this, that the reason this is important for you to understand is due to the fact that the problem you're solving for clients probably has a lot of causes and a lot of symptoms, but understand that 20% of the causes are probably responsible for 80% of the issue that the problem creates. Not all causes are created equally, and if you can use Pareto's rule to figure out which causes are more potent, you can craft a way better solution and methodology. Take the migraine example again, right? Let's say someone's got migraines, and it's caused because they're not sleeping well, they're drinking too much caffeine, and they're eating too much sugar, right? There's these three causes. Let's say the sugar thing is causing 10% of the pain and the sleep thing is causing 10% of the pain, but due to the, um, due to the, like, sensitivity of their adrenal glands, the caffeine is the thing that's causing 80% of the migraines. So if you figured that out, then what you would do is you'd cut the caffeine, leave the sugar, leave the sleep for now, doesn't matter, cut the caffeine, and you're gonna cut the problem by 80%. And what that does is it means you've only had to solve one cause, but you've, you've added 80% of the value. And so this is asymmetry, right? This is asymmetric leverage in practice. It's where you're taking, like, the smallest amount of cause out of the equation to get the largest result. And you also can understand that 80% of the pain the problem causes is caused by 20% of the problem. Different symptoms or signs of the problem manifesting in the niche's life, um, are going to inflict different levels of suffering and misery. So you only want to focus on the thing that's causing the most pain and the most issue, and you start there, the place where the most leverage is, right? So you can use these questions to, to determine that and try and get the most out of the least, if that makes sense. Simple. Systems thinking. Now, I haven't introduced you to systems thinking yet. This is something that we cover a lot, lot more in Easy Grow, and I'm not gonna get into this in too much detail because in Easy Grow, there are four-hour videos on systems thinking that you kind of need to know if you actually want to scale and make this into a serious thing. Um, but for now, we'll keep it real simple, real straightforward. You're gonna have a lot of questions about this, and it might not make total sense. But the point, again, is just for you to get familiar with these ideas so you can start using them just gently, right? When you're by Easy Grow, it'll be ... this will, this will become a lot clearer. Specifically with, like, your client acquisition stuff, like, you can get away with not understanding systems in the beginning, but once you want to start predictably acquiring clients and making that, like, consistent and scalable and, like, getting this over and over again, like once you want to get, like, a client a week or two clients or three clients a week and start getting to that sort of, like, 20, 30, 40, 50k month, 100k month, you need to understand systems. You don't ... you kinda need them now, but not, like, enough for me to think that you need, like, a four-hour video on them, if that makes sense. So anyway, you get the point. That's on Easy Grow. So a system is a collection of processes organized to process inputs and produce outputs. So systems are basically designed to support their functions. Um, for example, you have a client acquisition system or a nervous system or a transport system or education system. Any system that you see in the universe or in the world, whether it's your cardiovascular system or the, the system that your local train, um, schedule runs on, looks like this. All systems, at first principle, have inputs. Well, they have a function, first of all, which is the purpose of the system. But all systems have inputs, which are raw materials inputted into the system, processes, so things that convert and combine raw materials into end products, and outputs. So outputs are the end product of the r- raw materials being processed. All systems have feedback, which means that information is provided by the outputs and that can be used to improve the inputs or processes. And all systems exist in an environment. So pretty straightforward stuff. Now, again, this goes 100 layers deeper. It's, it's just something for now just, just-Bear the diagram in mind, don't worry too much about it. I'm just giving you a gentle introduction to very, very, um, deep abstract concepts that we don't have the time to go into right now. When you come to EasyGrow, this will make a lot more sense. That whole, this whole gray area of how you actually scale and grow, I don't need you to... I just wanna get you your first couple of clients over the line, right? We don't need to worry about all this crap yet, but you will need it pretty soon. So this is what, uh, a system looks like. You have your inputs, things that go in, your processes, your outputs, your feedback. For example, let's say that you want to make a, um, a bake a cake, right? The inputs of the, the cake baking system are the ingredients, the sugar, the flour, the milk, the eggs, right? The processes are what you do with those ingredients. So, for example, you weigh out the flour, you crack the eggs, you turn the oven, you preheat the oven, you put the cake in the oven. You whisk it at a certain le- length. You put the chocolate chips in it at this point, right? The processes is kinda like the... Imagine like the recipe being followed and the actions you take to process these inputs and make that happen. The output is what happens once you finished all the processes. So once you've gone from A to Z, from, you know, raw materials to having something in the oven, when you take it out of the oven, the output is the cake. And then the feedback is, how good does this cake taste? Did it need a little bit more time in the oven? Did it need a little bit more sugar? Did it need a little bit more salt? Did it need more chocolate chips? Did it need this, did it need that, you know? And by eating the cake, you receive feedback on what you should change moving forward with the inputs or with the processes. The environment is basically where the cake is baked. So you... Maybe it's being baked in the kitchen. Well, it probably should be, right? And if the kitchen is horrible and dirty and messy and loud and nasty, then the chances are the cake might turn out to not be as good as it would have otherwise been if the environment was good, right? That's systems thinking in its purest form. It's how we take raw things, process them, and turn them into outputs, and then improve the system by listening to feedback, okay? So practical use cases. From a problem perspective it's worth looking at the following, because what we're gonna do, when it comes to your, uh, solution, is we are building a system, right? We're taking inputs, we're processing them, the inputs like your client and their situation, we're gonna process them through our methodology and we're gonna create an output, which is basically them being where they wanna be, right? We're gonna use feedback to then understand what we need to change about the inputs and the process moving forward. So from a problem perspective it's worth looking at the following. One, what are the outputs of the problem if represented as a system? And these are gonna be the symptoms of what happens by having the problem. What are the inputs or raw materials of this problem? So what's the inputs for the outputs to actually happen? What's required for this problem to exist in the first place? So let's say someone's got headaches, then the input could be caffeine or sugar. Inputs give you a good gauge on what might need to be removed to solve the problem. What are the processes that process the inputs into the outputs? So, you know, if someone's got migraines and that's the output, and the input is sugar and caffeine, then the process would be digestion or metabolism, right? What's the feedback? So how does the system feed back on itself or how does the problem feed back on itself to create positive or negative feedback loops to either strengthen or weaken itself? How does the system adjust inputs moving forward, or more importantly, how could you adjust the inputs based on the feedback? And then last but not least is what environment does the system operate in? Is it in the market? Is it in the body, in the lake, in the mountain? You know, probably not these, right? But what's the physical or abstract environment that the system operates in? So these things are worth answering considering right now, and I would suggest you do so to start thinking in systems. Um, we're not gonna worry too much about this now, we might talk about it a little bit more when it comes to building your methodology and your solution. Second-order consequences. We talked about this already in Six Figure Fusion in week one. Here's a very quick recap. Actions have consequences, this is true, cause equals effect. But consequences have consequences, and consequences of consequences have consequences, to infinity. The easiest way to explain this is our actions echo into infinity. These consequences are called second-order consequences. Every action you take, no matter how trivial, sets off a chain reaction of consequence through time, and this will dictate how your life ends up. Actions set trajectories, and trajectories have sentiment, either negative or positive. And you remember from week one, you know, you have where you are now and you do things that move you towards your goal or do things that kick you away from your goal, depending on where you are now, we're moving towards our goal or away from our goal against the baseline, right? And the consequences work in an order. And what that means is you have a linear chain of things that happen that's sort of like a chain reaction, if that makes sense. It really is just a chain reaction of things happening. So you do an action, consequence one, then consequence two, then consequence three and four, and five and six and seven. And, you know, for example, you smoke a cigarette, then you get addicted to smoking, and then you start dying, and before you know it, everything's bad, right? That can be like 50 consequences before your first cigarette leads to you dying early, right? Or maybe your son gets addicted to smoking. There's all sorts of consequences, consequences. And they all feed back on themselves, and it's pretty nasty, and you can either use these to get better or you can get... Use them to get worse, and you best believe that you don't wanna have ones that make you worse. We talked about consequence maps as well and how, like getting... Making one bad decision can lead to a ton of shit being really bad for you and losing lots of things and having a bad time Or you can do it positively where you do positive actions that, you know, have consequences, that have consequences, that have consequences, that basically make your life way better, right? We also talked about feeder actions and how some consequence trajectories have a feeder action that basically feed in all the consequences and make them all stronger, right? So things like playing an Xbox is a feeder action to destroying everything, and things like going to the gym is a feeder action that builds everything up, right? Pretty simple stuff. Practical use cases for second-order consequences are very simple. What is this problem a second-order consequence of? So understanding, again, this is kind of what we talked about. We've already kind of answered this, but if we see problems as stepping stones, it's worth understanding that if someone's facing this problem, then they've already gone through a bunch of problems to get there. They've stepped on a bunch of stones to get to the one that you're helping them move on to next, right? So what's this problem a second-order consequence of? Where does this problem fall in the chain of consequences? What consequences came before this problem and what consequences came after this problem? Pretty simple. You can understand that problems like the problem you're solving could be the fifth-order consequence of the initial action that happened three years ago, right? Try and map it out. It's very hard to do this properly, you know, and you're not a genius, it's possib- it's impossible to sort of completely perfectly discern the cause-effect relationship between everything that ever happens ever, but you can try your best and answer those questions. Occam's razor, really cool tool, very simple, it's super simple ironically. O- Occam's razor is a problem-solving principle that can be summarized like this. The simplest explanation is usually the right one. It encourages simplicity in thinking and discourages complexity. As you try to solve this problem, you're gonna be faced with figuring out two things. A, the cause of the problem, and two, the solution of the problem, right? So what is causing the problem and how can we solve this and change this cause to create the effect we want? There are gonna be lots of probable causes and solutions, but Occam's razor is effective because it forces you to pick the answer that is the simplest. It's usually right because the wor- the world is actually very simple, and we like to overcomplicate things. Is it always right? No, but it usually is, so I suggest you use it. Basically, when you're trying to solve this thing, you're gonna have multiple different solutions available to you, and you almost always just wanna pick the simplest solution. In the same way that when you're trying to find the causes of this problem, there's gonna be loads of different causes or potential causes, but you wanna just try and pick the simplest one because that's almost always gonna be the right one. Is it gonna be perfect every time? No, but does this help you move fast and get things done really quick and usually be right? Absolutely, yes. So for Occam's razor, ask yourself the following. What is the simplest explanation to why this problem exists? What cause is the most straightforward and simple to understand? Which solution is simplest? Which solu

... solution requires the least explanation and the least understanding? And am I adding unnecessary guesses to my problem-solving processes? So, Charlie Munger said that, "The sign of a genius is being able to take complicated ideas and make them simple." And that's kind of your job as a consultant, is you can make a remarkably complicated methodology and solution to a remarkably complicated problem, but truly, the best solutions are the simplest ones. In the same way that all the mindset training that I've given you in week two, and all the, all the training I've given you in week one, those are some pretty complicated ideas. But what I've tried to do is make them as simple as possible so that you can comprehend them easily without you getting lost. And there's gonna be points where I haven't done that completely successfully all the time, but for the most part, I've tried to keep it in layman's terms, as simple as possible, so you can actually, truly understand it, and that's Occam's razor, okay? And last but not least is elimination. A lot of consultants make the mistake of trying to solve problems through addition. So they think that by adding things to people's lives, that's how they solve problems. Well, that's not true. We now know that problems are solved through the application of critical information. However, that doesn't always mean the addition of new variables or information. Sometimes, and more often than not, it's about trying to actively eliminate or remove things. So say, for example, again, this migraine example, right? I know we keep coming back to it, but it's simple. Say, for example, you're a consultant helping CEOs with stress-related migraines. You can tell them to start doing 101 things to remove their migraines, right? So, you know, there's all sorts of things you can do, like you can tell them to wear blue light blockers, drink more water, exercise, et cetera, et cetera. But eliminating caffeine, sugar, and screen time and more things are going to lead to way better results. So don't make the mistake of thinking that more is more, because less is more. When you're constructing a solution and a methodology, you want to ask yourself what your clients need to eliminate or remove from their life or business to resolve this issue. There's usually a ton more leverage in this than there is in addition. So for example, if an agency joins EasyGrow, and they're operating in three niches, then the first thing I'm gonna tell them to do is remove two of those niches, because there's more leverage from a business growth perspective in them removing two niches, um, than just having, you know, than just having one than there will ever be in them getting the right email copy for clients. So sometimes what you have to learn to do is before you implement your methodology, like, your methodology should basically revolve around two stages, right? The first stage is, what do we need to remove from the person's life in order for them to get the result? And then the second thing is, what do we need to add to their life to get them the result? Everyone just focuses on the addition, never on the removal, and this creates lots of problems and lots of issues because, well, there's gonna be things that, like, that you need to remove, and if you don't remove them, it doesn't matter what you add. Like, you know, if you suffer with migraines and you know that, that you might add a bunch of shit, all these, all these, um, maybe you start taking supplements, you start changing, you change your mattress and your bed, your pillow, blah, blah, blah. But fundamentally, if it's the sugar and the caffeine that's causing them, then there's nothing that you can do that will, that you can add that will remove the migraines unless you get rid of the sugar and the caffeine. So, you always want to look at what you can remove first, and then you look at what you can add. And there's tons and tons of value in removal, okay? So practical use case is easy. Just remember, when you're constructing a methodology and seeking critical information to solve this problem, you don't just want to seek critical information on what you need to add to the client's life or situation to change it. Instead, you put a heavy focus on what you need to remove and always seek to remove things before you add anything new. So what inputs can you remove? What processes can you remove? What, what aspects of this person's personal life or business life or whatever part of their life is relevant to this problem can be removed in order to solve this problem? Always start with the removal. Always, always, always, always start with the removal, because you'll find that most of the leverage, the Pareto leverage, the asymmetric leverage, is going to come from what you remove as opposed to what you add. Now, you're going to have to add a lot of stuff, right? There's no, there's no two ways about that, because, you know, at the end of the day, we need to introduce new causes to create new effects. But sometimes, most of the time, you need to remove a lot of causes so you can add new causes in, if that makes sense. And so that's really defining the problem. I know that I've blitzed through this, and I know that I'm moving through this real quick and this, this week three training is sort of, of a different pace, of a different nature, but you're at the point now where, you know, you've been through the foundations and you have your business foundation set, or at least, you know, sort of getting really into a good place now. Your mindset's in a great place, and now you understand how to properly comprehend the world and your identity and your place in it and what you're gonna do, and you know what you want. And now, it's time to really just put some action in here. So do the action items here, start understanding this problem really well. And what we're going to do as we move through to the next few videos is start looking at how to actually build a methodology and really find the information that we need to find to start accurately solving this problem. So that's everything for defining the problem. We talked about what they are, how we need to really just understand, not solve at this point. We talked about the critical question workbook, and I gave you all those questions and the tools for understanding, which you now have a brief understanding of how these things work and how you can apply them to the client's problem that you're facing to basically produce a way out, a solution. So, that's everything. I hope you enjoyed the slightly different pace and nature of this video, and I look forward to seeing you for more videos like this as we move through week three. Take care.