# 3.3. Critical Information Overload

(instrumental music plays) Hey, everyone. Charlie Morgan here, and welcome to Critical Information Overload. So, now that we've taken some time and liberty to thoroughly, critically understand the problem at hand, it's time to overload our brains with information to solve this problem. Now, again, th- this video is a precursor to building a methodology and actually fixing the problem. I want you to treat this video in the same way you treated the last video. The rule is, again, we're not here to fix the problem yet. We're not here to start building a methodology, start hypothesizing, start guessing what works. All we're doing in this video is basically overloading our brains with information, um, surrounding the problem, and we're gonna find a way to solve it after doing this, if that makes sense. So, basically, the whole point here is we start by understanding the problem. We define it, we get real clear on what the problem actually is, why it exists, who s- who has it, you know, the nature. Then what we do, once we're clear on all these things, is we go out into the world, on the internet, or physically or wherever, and we search for information around the problem, okay? Anything, everything. I'm talking YouTube videos, blog posts, books, interviews, podcast episodes. Any source of media that you can possibly comprehend that contains information or data about this problem or the nature of it or how it might be solved is fair game. And so, what we're gonna do in this video is I'm gonna help you, uh, sort of become overloaded with information. The whole objective here is to basically bask and immerse yourself in information. Now, we already kind of did this to a degree in week one, when we talked about total niche immersion and how to really understand your niche and do your niche market research. We're gonna use a lot of the same resources here, a lot of the same principles, um, and I'm gonna explain how to do it. So, we're gonna talk about some rules to overloading yourself with information here. Critical information sources, source finding, key player obsession, and last but not least, research resources. So, without further ado, let's hop in. So, welcome to Critical Information Overload. Here, I'm going to explore, or we're going to explore, what I call the overload strategy, where basically you aim to drown yourself in information surrounding your niche's problem. Basically, what we're doing here is overloading your brain with information, uh, as much information as humanly possible, without any concern as to whether the information is bad or good. So, again, what we're doing is we're just overloading you with info. We're not worrying about whether it's right or wrong, we're not worrying about the source or the quality. All we're doing is just getting as much into your brain as humanly possible. And in the next video, or the videos that follow this one, we'll then start to talk about how to know what's critical, know what's not critical, and construct a methodology or hypothesis b- using this overloaded information that you've got. Um, so a couple of rules before we begin the overload process, and before you start downloading every single thing that is irrelevant to this. That's kind of how you wanna look at this, right? Is imagine there are, in the universe, a finite number of pieces of media that you can consume that contain information that help you solve this problem. So, there could be 700. There could be 80. There could be nine. There could be 63. There could be 187. There is a finite number of pieces of media that you can consume, whether read, watch, or listen, right? And your objective here is to find every single one of them, or as many of them as you can, and consume them as fast as you can. And what we're doing here is you're just, you're just completely immersing yourself in this problem. And this is how you can develop really fast expertise, is basically just finding everything on your thing and just install, downloading it into your brain, like, over a couple of days. Like, this is a really powerful technique to become incredibly talented and competent in a very specific area very quickly, okay? So, couple of rules. First of all, we're not concerning ourselves with what information is critical or what information is faulty. We're not worried about whether the information is right or wrong. We just want to get as much information and data as possible. And we want to get as much information as humanly possible. We really want to go for quali- quantity over quality here. We want to go for volume over anything. So, imagine, you know how, like, AI companies right now? The constraint that these AI companies have is data. You know, they need data to train their bots, right? And you want to kind of see yourself as, like, an AI bot just trying to gather as much data as possible. Like, you are like ChatGPT. And ChatGPT is trained on, you know, language models, and it's trained on, like, a massive corpus of text, basically. And, you know, you kind of want to treat your methodology build in the same way. We just want to get as much information as possible. Literally as much as possible. The goal here is quantity, volume, as much as you possibly can. Even if it's shit information, like, obviously we, we want to avoid the really shit stuff, right? And the crap stuff. But as much as possible. Now, you must become totally immersed in the information. Don't do anything else, don't think about anything else, become totally, royally obsessed. And this is only gonna last for the next few days, okay? So, I don't want you sitting in this information-gathering stage for the next month or the next couple of weeks, or even the next week. Just for the next couple of days, the next few days, I want you to become completely, completely, royally, utterly obsessed with the acquisition and download of this information. I don't want you to go to the gym. I don't want you to socialize. I don't want you to do anything. I, uh, at any time you eat, I want you listening or watching things to do with this. I want you to be 12 hours a day, 16 hours a day if you can, completely locked in and obsessed with absorbing as much information on this as possible. It's imperative that we cram this into this timeframe, and I want it, I want it to be so bad that you can't, you can't really fall asleep, and you start dreaming about the problem. Okay, what we're doing here is we're c- we're gonna compress every single piece of information, every single little bit of info or bit of data on this problem, we're gonna compress into a couple of days, and you're gonna spend the next couple of days, and you're gonna hate me for it, but this is how, when we come to build your methodology, you-... fly, and you just know, it's just gonna be so much easier if you didn't know exactly what to do, right? So I, it literally, the- the way, how to tell if you're doing enough is not really being able to sleep properly because your brain's just in- in information overload just trying to sort this information. Uh, it's gonna suck, it's gonna be painful. You're gonna wake up in the middle of the night, like, trying to, like, solve problems and shit, but this is how we get really fucking good, and it's just a couple of days of sacrifice. So don't spend any more than a few days in information overload. It's easy to use this stage of your startup as an excuse to avoid paying for work and sit in the information gathering stage. You know, it's like, "Oh, like, I'm just gonna, like, in for the next two weeks, I'm just gonna, like, you know, research the problem before I build my ............................" No, no, no, no, no. You just want to, a couple of days, you know, 12 to 16 hours a day, complete obsession, nothing else, literally nothing else but information overload. I don't want you talking to people, I don't want you playing video games, I don't want you doing anything, I don't want you going out the house, I- just all, the only- the only time you should deviate from this obsession is to eat or go to the bathroom. Any biological imperative, eat, bathroom, sleep, that's it. Nothing else. All right? This is how you get real good, real quick. Trust me, I know because this is exactly what I did, um, specifically with my first marketing agency, um, and then also my second coaching business and my third consulting business, okay? And, you know, respectively I got those to seven, multi seven, eight figures in record time flat, and this is one of the reasons why. So be prepared to copy, beg, borrow, steal, and rip off. Your first methodology hypothesis is gonna make, um, it's gonna be a Frankenstein thing put together by other peoples' expertise, ideas, and methods. And there's no shame. So, what we're gonna do later on, is we're gonna talk about, um, well, we're not gonna talk about this specifically, but one thing that you need to be prepared to do is copy your competition. Okay? And I'm gonna say this once, and I'm gonna say it now, we're not gonna cover it again in the- later on in the video, be prepared to copy your competition. If you know that you have a competitor who'll solve this problem, stop at nothing to figure out what they've done and get the results they got for their clients. I don't care if you have to book sales calls with your com- competition and I don't care if on those sales calls you have to ask your competition to show you things and pretend to be a potential client and have them give you information on how to solve this problem. Right? You need to become ruthless, and you have my permission here to become a complete beg in this regard, right? So, you- you're gonna wanna go to your competition's clients and ask them how it's working, you're gonna wanna get on sales calls with your competition and ask them how it's working. There is no shame, the game is the game, this is fucking war, all right? So I'm gonna show you how to find information and find media sources and conduct interviews with people and stuff, and that's all good and well, but let me tell you, there is no faster way to do this than just copying what is already working for those who are ahead of you. Your competition. Okay? So I'm not gonna give you a specific framework or methodology in this video on how to copy your competition because, well, you know, it's a little Machiavellian and I don't want to be giving out PDFs on, you know, how to arbitrage people who are ahead of you, because a lot of people won't like that. However, I don't give two shits about that and I want to tell you right now, in the, this right now, it's the last time I'm gonna say it, go and copy your competition. Find out what they're doing, ask them questions about it, beg, borrow, lie, steal, rip off, whatever you have to do to get an advantage or get a foothold must be done. Okay? And this comes back to the next point, is don't try to be authentic, don't try to be original, don't try and reinvent the wheel, don't try and create something new, and don't reject information that's valid just because it comes from a competitor or an authority figure. You cannot afford any pride here. There is no shame in copying. Let me tell you something. My first marketing agency, th- when I, you know, in- in the gym niche called North Flow Consulting, I copied everything. My entire service delivery, the entire way I solved the problem for my clients was copied directly from my competitors. The ads that I ran for clients, the funnels I ran for clients, the nurturing campaigns I ran for clients, the sales training I gave to clients, was all copied from my competition. And it got me to, I think, like, maybe, like, 20, 30, 40K a month before I had to start innovating to get to 100K a month. This isn't gonna get you to, you know, dominate your niche. You're not gonna get to seven figures, multi seven figures, eight figures by just copying. But getting your first few clients, getting to that six, multi six figure mark, you can't afford to not do this, okay? So, make no mistake, like, for example, um, my programs that I have now, for Imperium Acquisition, EasyGrow, Mastermind, this program for example, I haven't copied this information from anywhere. I've- I've had to critically think this through myself, which is why it's taken me so long and which is why it's been so painful to do. But that's because I'm at the eight figure level. So you don't wanna try and behave like me, you wanna behave like I did when I was first starting out. And so I'm gonna say it one more time, then I'm not gonna say it again, copy your competition. Book sales calls with them, pretend to be clients, pretend to be prospects, and extract as much information from your competitors and their sales reps and their clients as humanly possible and copy and paste it and steal it and borrow it and beg from it and do whatever you can to expedite this process of becoming an expert. I'm serious. And you might, you might think, "Ah, but that's not right." You're not a civilian anymore, mate. You're not this normal person, you know, in school, you're told that copying is bad, you're told that in- in society you're told that stealing is bad. Well, this is war. This is business. All right? So it's completely fair game, there's nothing anyone can do about it. If someone's got a trademark or some proprietary legal information, like, don't break the law, but it's not against the law to copy a funnel or, you know, to ask to be a little Machiavellian. So I'm just saying, you can do it. You've got my permission. Don't be a pussy and don't be proud. That's that. It's the last thing I'm gonna say on the competition thing, all right? But do it. Trust me. Fucking do it. So here, more is more. You want to scour the internet and other resources available to you, um, to find quite literally every single piece of media or information you can find on your problem. We wanna find everything. You s- it's very rare that I'll say more is more. Usually less is more, but in this case, more is more. Once you find an authority figure or someone who knows what they're talking about when it comes to solving a problem, study them in full. Again, this could be a competitor. Leave no stone unturned. Download their entire brain if you can, even the content that may not feel irrelevant to that problem, okay?... become totally, utterly obsessed with this. Total raw obsession. You need to get lost in the source here and spend a few days in a weird, healthy, unhealthy obsessive state rather. Just don't spend too long here. So, I'm just talking a few days, you know, th- three, four days maybe of total obsession of learning and understanding this problem, um, specifically information on how to solve it, okay? So, that's that. Again, the copying thing, I recommend you do it. I did it shamelessly. Don't be authentic, don't be proud, don't try and do something new or original, don't, uh, be... Trust me, just trust me, don't overthink it. Just, the fastest way to do this is to find people that have already done it and just fucking copy them. (laughs) This is... I promise. So, now that we've gone past the copying thing, let's talk about a little bit of a more, um, less Machiavellian way to do it, but you should do both. Critical information sources. So, what are we looking for here, and how do we find critical information? Well, you want to imagine that information, like data, is packaged into neat little pockets that you can go out and explore, okay? So, we have our unknown reality, this big blue circle, you know, metaphorically speaking, and what we wanna do is venture out into unknown reality. And what we're looking for are little pockets of information, and when I talk about a little pocket, what I mean by this is, um, it's a s- it's a media source, right? Um, pieces of media. They contain data about how to solve the problem in question. So, pieces of media, when I talk about these little pockets of information, you know, these little, neat little, tidy, like, little envelopes of information, if you like, just floating around in the ether, floating around in unknown reality. These can include YouTube videos, Reddit forums, social media posts like tweets or TikToks or tweet storms or Instagram posts or Reels, books, podcasts, interviews, blogs, ChatGPT prompts, et cetera. There's gonna be an infinite amount of pieces of media on your problem. Now, depending on how common the problem is and how available the information is, you might not find there's a load of information, but you should be able to find a significant amount to immerse yourself in for the next couple of days. And, you know, eh, th- this is kind of the p- the point is anything that you can consume from an information perspective really is gonna come down to three things. You're either listening to it, you're watching it and listening to it, or you're reading it, right? These are the three ways that you can receive information from this sort of perspective. And, you know, you won't stop at nothing. You wanna watch, um, fucking hell, if you can you wanna find documentaries on it, video series on it, um, YouTube series on it, right? All of these places are your best friend to go. You wanna f- you wanna find, like, if you can, you wanna try and find, like, Google Scholar articles on it. You know, you, there's, there's, there's gonna be so many little pockets, so many little places you can go to find this information, and it's crucial. So, a piece of media can be visualized in this way. So, look at this black box here and imagine that this is a piece of media like a YouTube video or a Instagram post or a book or a podcast. What this piece of media contains is it's basically like a little envelope for a bunch of information, and there's three types of information contained inside of a piece of media. So, first of all, we've got critical information. This is quite rare, and, you know, these are the little stars. These are the things that you're looking for, the big needle-moving things that really solve the problem, that you can apply to change your behavior or your client's behavior in pursuit of the need or the desire or the goal. Second to that, we have standard information, which is information that is just kind of floating around that's still quite relevant to the problem, but isn't that critical. And then we have faulty information, which is information that's just out- downright wrong. It might appear critical, it might appear standard, but we need to be very careful of this. And there's gonna be a lot of this, a lot of faulty information, way more than critical. And so, the three types of information relevant to solving your problem. The first is the standard information, right? This is information that might be somewhat relevant to your problem, but it's not really critical, right? It's still extremely important to have 'cause it's gonna help you contextualize your niche and problem much better. So, one, one example I'm gonna give you here, 'cause I actually did this a while ago, is part of what I needed to do for my clients in the gym niche was assist them with m- with membership retention, and this was late-game agencies. This was when I started a program when I was teaching gyms how to grow, and I needed to learn how to help gyms with membership retention. And so one thing I did is, um, I'd listened... I, I did this, and I immersed myself in every single thing to do with membership retention for a few days, and I came out the other side with a methodology that actually worked, lo and behold. And so, let's say, for example, you are a consultant helping gyms with membership retention. Well, you go and listen to a podcast on gym retention, but they spend a lot of time talking about membership acquisition, hiring fitness coaches, overall gym strategy, et cetera, et cetera. These things, like membership acquisition, fitness coaches, overall gym strategy, payroll, whatever, these things are really important to understand, but they aren't necessarily critical in solving the problem of retention. So, you know, it, you're not gonna be able to just receive pieces of critical information in droves. You're gonna have to pick them out of, of standard information. It's, uh, uh, sort of this pie. It's like a needle in a haystack, right? And so when you're listening to a piece of media or consuming or watching or c- reading a piece of media, you know, you're gonna... Most of the stuff you read through is just gonna be standard information that's kind of relevant to the problem or the niche, but not specific to the actual problem that you're solving. But every now and then, you're gonna find a piece of critical information where you're like, "Holy shit, that really helps," right? So, critical information is the information that's directly tied and linked to the problem at hand. This is where, um, this is when you're reading, watching, or listening, and you hear that the information is directly relevant to the problem you're trying to solve. And, you know, really critical information defined is information that allows you to change a behavior that gives assent to the result or the causes the effect we want, right? You wanna pay close attention to this. So, you know, again, the gym membership example, um, retention consultant. Say that you're reading a book on growing a gym, and it starts talking about reducing churn by using birthday cards and Christmas gifts. You know, one way you can reduce gym membership retention is simply by remembering people's birthdays and send them birthday cards. That is a piece of critical information because it's actionable, and, you know, that's actually something that you can apply and do to cause the effect of increased retention, right? And so that would be an example of a piece of critical information. It's like, "Oh, shit, here's something I can actually do, an actionable piece of advice that causes the effect I want of people staying in the gym longer," right? So, you best believe that this information... Best believe this is critical information that could be included in your methodology, okay? So, again, we're gonna talk about methodology, how to build it, et cetera. But for now, just get as much as you can. So, then we've got faulty information. This is information that's just wrong. It can appear as standard or critical, but you need to be really careful here. It won't present itself as wrong or faulty, obviously. People, funnily enough, like, information that's usually the most faulty is information that's delivered with the most conviction. So, you've gotta be real careful here and tread carefully, because you need to be able to discern what is right and what is wrong. And, uh, I'll give you more information on how to do this later, in later videos, um, when it comes to discerning criticality and, and knowing what is critical and what's faulty and stuff. But if you try to build your methodology around faulty information, you're in for some real pain and trouble. So, again, um, a- an example from the gym membership thing. So, let's say that you are listening to a podcast and you receive a piece of information from the interviewee, um, that says that women retain gym memberships, on average, 88% more than men, specifically in winter months. And you think, "Oh, that's a really good statistic. That must be critical, because, you know, that means that, um, I can focus more on m- male retention, um, in the winter, because most women are gonna keep it, right?" And you start thinking, like, "Oh, that's critical. I can, I can implement that into my methodology." Well, this statistic sounds great and everything, but is it actually true? It might be, it might sound great, and it might be... Y- you might think, like, "Oh, that's a good thing 'cause that's helpful," but if it's not true, it's the opposite. It's really unhelpful. Where's the data coming from? Like, where's-

... data to support this? What if the person talking has just pulled this out of their ass to seem smart? And by the way, this happens a lot, right? (laughs) People lie, and people make things up. And even if they don't mean to do it with malicious intention, people chat a lot of fucking shit. So, you know, if you included this as part of your methodology or strategy, you might fuck your client's business up. So beware of false information. Like, be, be, be cautious of statistics, be cautious of confidence, and be very careful when observing information, because a lot of it's gonna be wrong. And if you start acting on information that's wrong and not objectively true, then we don't have, you know, from week two, remember, objective alignment, where you need to behave in alignment with what is actually true. And if we try and, if we try and behave out of align with this, we're, we're gonna get into some real trouble here. So, source finding. So now that we understand the rules of the, of engagement here, so to speak, specifically the rule around copying your competition, and that you should do that, and that I'm really encouraging you to, and that you might feel some resistance towards doing it for whatever reason, but you really fucking should do this. I'm telling you again, even though I said I wasn't going to. Um, we've understood the rules of engagement, and now we know the three types of information and what to avoid and stuff. So, let's talk about source finding. So this is real simple. All we're gonna do here is basically overload ourselves by finding as many sources as we can. So let's start by locating sources of information. So remember the two consume lists from week one's total niche immersion. We're gonna use a near-identical strategy. So, first of all, we've got this to-do list, um, consume list here. This is gonna be an ongoing thing, so obviously I want you to spend as much time as you can right now doing the action item right now of completing this list and finding all the in- all the information sources you can. And then I want you to, you know, schedule out, you know, three, four days where you completely immerse yourself in this information. Um, but the thing is, is what's gonna happen is, as you immerse yourself, you're gonna find more resources, more books, more YouTube videos, more podcasts, more experts, et cetera, et cetera, and this is gonna be an ongoing thing. So just because, you know, you're spending the next three, four days immersing yourself in this and overloading yourself doesn't mean you can't spend some time next week or the week after going over resources that you found. And this should really be an ongoing thing, and you kind of never wanna stop trying to understand this problem or find information to solve this problem, right? It's not just a one-and-done thing, but it should happen more organically as you continue. You should become obsessed with this thing, right? So, right now you wanna head out on the internet and find every single media piece on your problem or, of course, the peripheral problems. I'll talk about peripheral problems in a second here. So don't be afraid to add as much as possible. Even if there are literally hundreds of pieces of media, the more, the better. So, you might be wondering what peripheral problems are and why I'm talking about this word here. You want to find every piece of media relevant to the main problem you're solving, right? However, if you're limited on information available to solve this problem, then you can start looking into peripheral problems. These are problems that your niche will be facing in addition to, before, after, or because of the problem you're aiming to solve. So any other problem in the niche's life that's kind of relevant or in any way, shape, or form related to the main problem that you're solving. Media pieces on peripheral problems aren't gonna contain anywhere near as much critical information cont- compared to pieces on the main problem, but you're still gonna find scraps of criticality here and there. So, for example, if I am a gym retention consultant and I can't really find any in- any more sources on, specifically on gym retention, then I might start looking at gym acquisition or, you know, gym hiring or gym cash flow control, because, you know, every now and then, you're gonna find a little bit of information in there that might be critical to retention. Um, for example, if, if they're talking about, like, you know, cash flow and how to increase cash flow, then there might be a piece in there on how to reduce membership tur- churn or how to increase day-one cash collection so you don't even have to worry about membership retention, right? And you can find critical information y- through peripheral problems as well as the main problem. So, you know, different pieces of media are gonna be labeled differently, and... But sometimes it might just be an expert on growing a gym, and you might just wanna watch that, and it might be the case there's only a couple of sentences in there that are relevant to retention, but crucial, right? And this applies, obviously, to any problem you're solving, whether it's teaching people how to fucking bake a cake or get into Harvard, right? So, to consume this. So I want you to go ahead here, make a copy, and I want you to fill it all out. Now, you're not gon- you might not find 20 books. There might only be 10, right? There might only be two. It might be a new thing, right? But, you know, for example, if you're planning on teaching people how to use AI, then you best believe that ChatGPT For Dummies or Open Source AI For Dummies better be on here. Every single book relevant to this thing must be consumed. And obviously, you're not gonna be able to read 20 books in three days or four days, right? I'm under no illusion here. The books, you might have to work your way through a little bit slower, but, you know, speed-read them, get as much as you can. So, maybe not, maybe not speed-read, but if you find a good one, like, take your time with it, but you get my point. It needs to become an obsession, right? This, this whole problem thing, you need to be obsessed with it, not only just for the couple of days, but you need to be actively looking for ways to research this as often as you can So then we've got interviews here, um, with experts, um, email lists that you might wanna subscribe to relevant to this thing, podcast episodes relevant to this thing, and YouTube videos re- relevant to this thing, blog posts relevant to this thing, and any other miscellaneous pieces of media that you feel are necessary. This could be anything from news articles to tweet storms to, you know, um... well, I don't know. There's, there's, there could be anything, right? But basically, you wanna spend the next few hours now going out, googling, YouTubing, every search engine you can. Amazon's a search engine. You know, search for books, search for videos, every podcast episode, everything you can. You wanna get everything. Like, you wanna cast a very wide net and just try and get every single m- piece of media on this problem that you can. And, and if, once you exhaust that, then you get into the peripheral problems, right? So what you can do is you can start labeling these things. So let's say book one, you know, is a, is a main problem book one, so it's specifically on the problem you're trying to solve, then maybe we highlight that in, you know, dark purple. And then if we, if book two is more of a peripheral problem, but you still feel it's gonna be relevant, then maybe we highlight that in light purple. But you can, you can play around with this and, you know, format this however you want. But you get the point. Go and do that right now. Really, really important, okayDon't be fucking lazy with this. Don't just find, like, a couple of videos and a couple of books, anything that'll do. Th- the more diligence you put in here, the easier it's going to be for you to build your methodology, the easier it's going to be for you to get client results. The more money you're going to make, the more successful you're going to be. I know this isn't the shiny, exciting stuff. This isn't the getting appointments. This isn't the running ads. This isn't the upgrading to easy grow. This isn't the building appointment booking systems or learning how to sell or hiring a team. This is- seems boring, right? But everything's built around this, so just do it. So, that's the source finding thing. You can look at gathering critical information as panning for gold. So, you know this idea, you know, of someone standing in a river in, you know, Midwest America or whatever, and they're- I don't know why they'd be in Midwest America, but, you know, imagine you're in a river basin looking for golden nuggets. You're gonna have to sift through a ton of dirt, shit, and mess to find pieces of gold that you can keep. These are the things that you use to build your methodology. When you have, you know, you want to get, ideally, hundreds of these things. You might not be able to find hundreds, right? But you want to get as many of them as you can. And when you find them, you- most of the information you get is either gonna be standard information that's slightly irrelevant or faulty. But every now and then, you're- you're- as you're panning through this shit and all this mu- mud and dirt, you're gonna find some bits of gold, and those are the things that are gonna give you the edge, those are the things that are gonna give you the advantage, and those are the things that are gonna massively help. Every now and then, you'll find a bit of gold that might be the key to unlocking insane client results and therefore adding a ton of value and making a ton of money. It's worth being extremely thorough and leaving no stone unturned when it comes to crucial information because of this very fact. So, the next thing is key player obsession. So, what you want to do now is, action item here, is we want to make a list of the key players in solving this problem. These can be defined as experts, thought leaders, et cetera, et cetera. So, experts, thought leaders, authorities, specialists, gurus, professionals, anyone in the space who has solved this problem. And these can be competitors. These can be, um, clients of competitors. These can be the authorities, the gurus, the people who just ... even the pop- the podcast hosts, the YouTubers, the influencers, you know. I'll put that word in here 'cause that's a big one. Um, the key players, okay? So, you want to list them out now. So, for example, you know, it might be like client acquisition for B2B companies. You might want to put- maybe put me on here or maybe you'd put someone else on here. I don't really know who else there'd be. Well, there's a few, but they're not very good anyway. Little, little shameless plug over. So, you put- you put your list down here of all the experts, and there might only be three, there might only be four. There might be 10, there might be 15, there might be 17. You list them. Right? And then what you want to do is, um, I don't know why I put "who is thought". Who out of everyone in this list is thought to be ... Here we go. This is the level of production quality you get when you come to my program. (laughs) I edit the videos as I go. Who out of everyone on this list is thought to be number one? So, who is like the go-to G.O.A.T., the greatest of all time, in solving this problem? Okay. And it's important that you understand this. And maybe, maybe it's- maybe it's hard to dispute this, maybe there's a couple, and you can always add a couple here, but you want to find out who's the best. And then who's solved this problem themselves? So, here you're going to list your competitors. You're going to list cl- clients of competitors. You're going to list people in your niche who just figured it out, you know? Like, maybe you come across a YouTube interview or, you know, maybe you come across a podcast episode with someone who's o- just figured it how- out how to solve the problem themselves. You know, list these people. You wanna- you- I've only put 15 here, but really, you want to find as many of these people as possible. Like, you know, I'm talking, like, you want to try and, like, you know, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, right? You want to just ... Uh, let's put 50 there. You want to get as many of these. These, these are the crucial ones, 'cause if you can find people that have solved this for themselves and they're just like normal people just going about their every day, you can interview them, you can reach out to them, you can incentivize them, you can- you can, you know, a- a- appeal to their ego and extract critical information from them, directly from them on how they did it. Um, and it's really crucial to do this, right? So, yeah, list all the experts, list who you think is number one or number two, number three, whatever, and then list people who have solved it for themselves And this can be competitors, it can be clients of competitors, it can be random people. Pretty straightforward. What you then want to do is you want to find all content and pieces of media that involve or are relevant to the first list and add them to your con- to consume list, or even the second list. So, everyone on this list, you want to Google, research, and you want to find every single piece of, um, media on them. Okay? Again, even if it feels irrelevant or completely off, off the mark or off-topic, you know, if you've got a competitor who has solved this problem, who did a podcast three years ago and an episode for 20 minutes long and you don't think is relevant and it's got 10 views, fucking listen to it. All right? Every single piece of content relevant to these people, because here's the thing, is all these people, the experts and the people who have solved it themselves, have solved this problem, which means they have access to the critical information required to solve it, and so you can extract from them. This is like, you know, this is like being an oil company and always knowing where to drill perfectly every single time. Like, the, the problem oil companies have is they, you know, they, they drill down, um, and sometimes they don't strike oil, and, you know, they have engineers and whole teams and, um, you know, entire scientists and teams and stuff to, like, figure out where the oil is most likely to be. Well, the beautiful thing is here, is if someone's solved this problem or has solved this problem for themselves or other people, either as an expert, as a competitor, or whatever, then we know where to drill We- we are the oil company that knows every single time where to strike oil. And if you know how to strike oil, then you're going to become incredibly profitable and crush everyone. So, that's that. Find all the content and pieces of media that involve this, and then you want to come back to your consume list here and add all this content in here. This, to consume this, should look like a complete mess, by the way. You should have links, you should have hyperlinks. It should just look like a total, complete chaotic bomb. Hundreds of pieces of media that you're going to go through and consume. OkayUm, pretty important. Next action item is reach out to everyone on this list and try to secure an interview with them to ask them questions about how they solve the problem. These interviews are an absolute goldmine. However, crucially, you want to make sure you do these interviews after you've done your content overload, okay? So, we're gonna, like, you're gonna do the next three days, four days, in, um, critical information overload, where you're watching literally hundreds of pieces of media, if you can find hundreds of pieces of media. And once you've done that, you're gonna become like, you're gonna know more about this problem and more about this niche and about how to deal with this thing than literally 99.9% of not only people in the world, but probably your competitors as well. And what you want to do is, after you've done that, then we start the interviews. Because then you're smarter with your questioning, you're not wasting people's time as much, and you know, like, you- you- you've got information that you don't know is faulty or- or not, and you want, you want to kind of verify different things and test out different abstractions and ideas and stuff. You can only do that once you've become, um, knowledgeable in the area in which you're working, right? So, it's- it's really crucial that you save these interviews till after you've done your critical information overload. Otherwise, you're going to just waste your time and theirs. So, um, what you want to do is go to this key player list. There are going to be people on here that you just can't get in touch with. Like, if you've got industry-leading experts or thought leaders or, you know, influencers, then the chances of you bagging an interview with them are going to be very, very slim. But you- you still want to ask and you still want to try, and you still want to, you know, again, beg, borrow, steal, do whatever you can to figure this stuff out. I'm not going to encourage you to lie or be Machiavellian, although that might be the play. A- a- a- like, appeal to their ego, appeal to their psychopathic side, well, their narcissistic side, whatever you have to do. If you have to message them and say, "I've been watching your content and I'm a massive fan, and it would mean the world to me to have a quick picture with you on Zoom and a 20-minute chat about this," uh, just beg, borrow, steal, prostrate your, uh, prostrate yourself before them, lay before their feet, kiss their feet, suck up to them, anything, and drop the pride, all right? Don't have any pride in pursuit of critical information that helps you solve the problem, okay? Do whatever you can. I don't care if you have to DM people on Instagram 50 times. I don't care if you have to email them 10 times. I don't care if you have to write them a handwritten letter. I don't care if you have to go through their assistant or their team or email every single person in their company to get an interview with them. Whatever you c- have to do to figure out how to solve this problem must be done. Some of the things that I've done to get on interviews with people, uh, like, I'm not even proud of. Like, some of the stuff I've had to say or the stuff I've had to suck up to... That sounds a bit weird, but, you know, appealing to the ego, like, you got to do it, okay? It has to be done. Drop the pride, get it done, okay? Some of you aren't going to want to do that. Some of you are going to ha- r- you'd rather be proud and poor than h- h- than ha- than be humbled and rich, okay? Be humble. So, these interviews are a goldmine. Like I said, do them after you've done your overload. Some reasons you can say for the interview, you're gathering data for a PhD, you're researching for a book on a new author, you're doing a survey for an organization, it's a school project, um, you know, "I want to become like you, I'm starting a business in this space, I want to undergo an apprenticeship, I'm gonna help my grandmother. You can lie, you can be plain honest. I'm not going to advise you to lie or tell you what to do here. I'm just saying, say whatever you have to do to get these interviews done and talk to these people as much as you possibly can. I can't stress enough how important and powerful even just one or two of these interviews is or are. Unfortunately, I can't give you a script on how to run these interviews, because, well, everyone's wildly different. And you'll- you'll- you'll have an idea as to what questions you want to ask and where you want to take these interviews and what direction you want to take them in, um, once you've actually overloaded yourself with critical information, okay?Or just overloaded yourself with information. So, similar to, um, week one's total niche immersion, we're going to use the same resources to keep track of everything we learned. So, if you remember from total niche immersion, we had these research resources, um, to keep track of notes, um, dictionaries, et cetera, et cetera. So, what I want you to do right now as an action item is make copies of all of the below resources and get to work on overloading your brain with problem-specific and problem-related information. So, let me just pull these up again. So, I've reformatted these specifically for this module so that you can copy these, and they'll be different to last time. So, first of all, we've got the note tracker. So, you should be familiar with this, because you should have been using this every single day for an hour or two a day, or a couple hours a day, for the last 60 days, or at least 60 days from week one, because I told you to do that. And if you're not doing your market research, then you're going to fail. So, this is specifically your note tracker for critical information. So, you know, as you go through your to-consume list, as you're watching the videos, reading the books, listening to podcasts, doing the interviews, you're going to have a lot of notes to take and, you know, lots of little pieces of data and information, you know, formatted into words that help you comprehend this little corner of reality that you're going to be dealing and solving for the next, you know, God know how, God knows how many years And so, you know, all these pages, fill them out with notes. And what you want to do is you want to put the date that you learned it, the source that you learned it from, and then the timestamp or the page of which it came from, so that you can, you know, whenever you want to go back to visit this information and verify it or c- recontextualize it or remember it, you can go back to the source. Same thing with a dictionary. So, anytime you learn a new word or something you don't understand, ChatGPT, Google it, whatever you need to do to properly comprehend and understand the term so that you have clear definitions on your niche's language, okay? You should already know a lot of this, though, from your research. And then critical information interview note tracker. So, this is just a little note tracker that I built that you can use, um, specifically for the, um, interviews that you run. And I've got goal notes here and problem notes here. But again, like, you're going to want to talk about different things beyond goals and problems. But for the sake of having them as placeholders, I'm sure you can figure out what to rename them when you need to come and do those interviews. So, this is really as simple as I made it. I don't want you to overcomplicate this critical information overload thing. It is quite literally just make a list of everything that you can possibly consume on this problem, make a list of all the people that have solved this problem and try and contact them and find their content, and consume it. That's it. And obsess over it for a few days. If you have to listen to it in two-times speed, so be it But pay attention. Like, this is the thing. By the way, as you're doing this, when you're listening to podcasts, when you're watching YouTube videos, when you're watching interviews, when you're reading things, you're going to be tempted to go to the gym, you're going to be tempted to go for a walk, you're going to be tempted to go and socialize, you're going to be tempted to do something else. No. Lock yourself, chain yourself to your desk. It's only three, four days. I'm talking 12 to 16 hours, I'm talking nothing but this. Complete, total, insane levels of obsession for a very short burst of time. That is how you're going to become an expert in this thing real quick. You're not going to be an expert yet, because you still need to build a methodology, you still need to get experience, you need to test this. But trust me, when it comes to building your methodology, the harder you go on this, the easier it's going to be for you to get client results. And again, with this thing, don't try and solve the problem yet. Don't worry about fixing anything. Don't worry about whether the information is right or wrong, although you want to kind of flag faulty information where you can. Don't worry about creating a methodology or hypothesis. Just absorb as much information as humanly possible, to the point where you can't really sleep properly because you're trying to digest it so much. When that happens, that's when you know you're doing the right thing, and you've got to keep going and keep pushing. Soon, we will be combining your deep understanding of the nature of the problem and a ton of data points from the actions in this video together to ultimately create your methodology. The more you understand the problem and the more information you have at your disposal from these exercises, the easier it will be for you to craft a methodology that actually works So, action item, we're gonna do this right now. Block out the next couple of days and get to work in a totally obsessive..

... overloading your brain way, and overload your brain with so much information that you temporarily lose yourself and forget you're on planet Earth. You need to go a little bit insane here, all right? It's not healthy to do this forever. I'm not saying do this for months, I'm just saying, do not move onto the next video, do not move onto the next video until you've spent three, four days in total immersion, in total overload, okay? I know it's tempting to not- to procrastinate and say, "Oh, I'm just gonna finish the next video so I know what to do next." No. Fucking listen to me. Do not move on until you've done these action items. Trust me. Like, I'm making this from the perspective of, A, someone who's done this himself, and someone who's taught more than 4,000 agency owners and coach consultants at this point to do this. Um, this is crucial, and it's critical. And, you know, th- one of the reasons we get such good results from EasyGrow is partly because of this, and I need you to do this properly, otherwise you're not gonna get results. So don't skip, g- d- go, don't go to the next video for the next few days, don't do anything else, do these action items, and only once you've completed these and once you have consumed everything that you can consume, then it's time for us to start building a methodology, okay? So that's pretty much it. The summary is straightforward. Rules to overload, critical information sources, source finding, key player obsession, and resour- resources. Um, by the way, if you're enjoying thi- this sort of, um, more direct style of content, these action items, um, this is heavily what EasyGrow is about as well. Um, it's just giving you, like, really clear-cut instructions, cutting through the noise, getting straight to the point, and being really practical. Um, as always, you know, the option for you to book a call to explore EasyGrow when you feel it's a fit is, um, available to you, so you can just do that if you want right now, just to get a feel for it. Um, there'll be plenty of ways for you to do that. It will either be, you know, down below where you can ... There's a call to action at the end of every video, or you can obviously just find us, um, and, and book it. 'Cause I think, I think you're getting to this point now where you're starting to, um, you should be starting to realize that, you know, hang on a minute, like, I'm actually taking this quite seriously and I can see the value. And it's probably time to start exploring, just at least exploring what's next and, um, how I, how you can take this to sort of the next level. And it would really mean a lot to me if you took the time to do that when you feel it's right. So yeah, that's everything. I'll look forward to seeing you in the next video. Do not come to the next video until you have critically overloaded your brain and gone slightly insane in the process. Talk to you soon. Bye-bye.