# 3.4. Mapping Your Methodology

(instrumental music plays) Hey, everyone. Charlie Morgan here, and welcome to Mapping Your Methodology. So, at this point, you should now have gone ahead and gathered a bunch of information, um, total information overload, as per the instructions in the previous video. And if you're watching this video before you've done that, then pause this video and go and do it. I know it's gonna take you a couple of days. It's gonna be a bit painful, a bit boring perhaps, it's gonna be a lot of work, but it's crucial that you don't move on to this part until you've done that part. Because, well, we're gonna basically map your methodology today, and if you haven't got the information to do that, then you're not really gonna get very far. The whole point of today's video is to take the information that you've, you've learned, and take the information that you've gathered, and put it together and string it into a coherent, actionable sequence of actions that ultimately help you solve your client's problem, or they solve the problem, depending on what vehicle of delivery you intend on using. It could be done for you, done with you, or do it yourself. So, without further ado, let's hop in. So, first of all, we're gonna discuss, or sort of re-discuss, the idea of the synthesizer and exactly what your role is and how we're going to use synthesizing to make this happen. Then, we're going to talk about methodology first principles, discerning criticality and objectivity, and then creating your MVM. Now, MVM stands for minimum viable methodology, and our objective here, by the end of this video, is for you to have a clear, coherent methodology that you can apply to the problem to get it solved. Okay? So, a clear set of actions. And the key here is MV, minimum viable. What we want to avoid doing is overcooking your methodology. And what a lot of people do at the beginning of their entrepreneurial journey when it comes to product development, or building a methodology, or service development, or whatever, is what they try and do is they basically create this whole, like, really complicated, um, methodology, and they try and make this product that's insane and with all these things and all these moving parts. Really, you want to have something that is as simple and as lean and as straightforward and easy and fast as possible, so there's few moving parts, because the only way that you're going to improve your methodology, and we'll talk about this in the next video, is through iteration. So, you're going to go out, you're going to apply it, you're going to test it, and, you know, you're going to get feedback from clients and adjust it accordingly. And that's how you're going to improve this thing. It's not through, you know, theory crafting at the moment. Although you might be right, you're just as likely to be wrong when it comes to picking information. So, let's hop in and have a look at the Google Doc in question. So, welcome to Mapping Your Methodology. In this video, we'll explore how to discern critical information from faulty information and then how to take that critical information and form a step-by-step method that actually solves the problem in question, so you can take your clients from their current state to their desired state. Doing this allows you to add value and therefore make a ton of money. So, let's get to work. So, first of all, the synthesizer. Do you remember in earlier videos, we talked about the role of the synthesizer? What you're doing when you synthesize is you're bringing order to chaos. So, step one is to understand the problem. Step two is to gather and mentally download all of the information available relevant to this problem, which was the n- information overload section. And now, step three is to construct a methodology to, um, basically solve this problem from the information. And it looks something like this. So, basically, you know, what I've done, I- I- I've taken the liberty of drawing a little diagram for you here. Um, be warned, whenever I try and draw something, it never ends up exactly as I intended, but you can get the point. So, imagine it's something like this. So, right now, you haven't got a methodology. It's just chaos, right? You have a big chaotic mess that is disjointed, hectic, and doesn't make much sense at all. Your job is to think it all through, sift through it, make decisions on what's critical and what's faulty, find the asymmetries, find the leverage, and untangle this to create a step-by-step methodology that someone can follow or you can do for someone to solve the problem. So, it's kind of like, you know, untangling wired headphones. So, you, you might not remember this, depending on how old you are, but back in my day, you know, to be fair, I'm only 27, but back in my day, we had wired headphones, or headphones that, you know, were connected through wires. And, you know, it was a, kind of like a meme in school, if, if all these, you know, all the kids had wired headphones, right? And you'd leave them in your backpack for too long and they'd get all tangled up and then you'd have to, like, untangle them. It was a mess. That's kind of what we're trying to do here, is bring some order to chaos through critical thinking and building methodology. So, right now, you've got this chaos here, information overload, all this information flying around your brain, like, hundreds of different, thousands of different points of information, dozens of different influences on the topic, gurus, professionals, interviews, just YouTube videos, books, podcasts, everything's complete chaos, right? And so, what we're going to start doing, through this video, is just trying to string out this chaos into a little bit of order and then take this information and just b- build it into these little steps here. And this is what the methodology looks like. So, we're taking chaos, turning it into order, and then turning it into something that discerns a staircase, um, or step-by-step instructions that your clients can use to get to their goal. And so, what we can do is we can visualize the methodology creation pathway as a system. And so, the input to the system, in this case, is all the information you've gathered. The way that this information is processed is through your brain by thinking and deciding, and then the output of this system, after having processed it, is the methodology itself. And then, what we're going to do is we're going to take this methodology, we're going to go and sell it to clients, and we're going to use feedback from clients to basically receive more information to adjust this. And we're going to fly all this round and round. And what's going to happen, basically, is every time you get a client or every time you serve a client, you're going to learn something that you hadn't thi- or thought about before. You're going to learn something you can add or remove to your methodology to make it better. Okay? And, you know, obviously, this isn't mapped out here. And so, one thing that is really crucial for you to understand, and I introduced you to the idea of first principles, um, very recently, are the first principles of methodology creation, because there's four fundamental underlying truths to building a very strong consulting methodology, and if you don't have one of these four, or all of these four, really, if you don't have them all together, if you're missing one or more than one, then you're in real big trouble. So, what actually is a methodology? Well, it's very simple. The methodology is the actions required to cause the effect that you want.In this instance, the causes that solve the problem you're dealing with. These actions are informed by critical information, meaning you know with a higher degree of certainty, and the higher the better, that by doing them, the problem will be solved. So all a methodology is, is just a string of actions put together. And there are probably loads of actions that can be taken to solve the problem. And you can think of the quote of this idea, don't know why this is a, t- such a cliché, but, you know, "There's many ways to skin a cat," is the quote that basically denotes there's lots of different ways to solve a problem. There's lot of different solutions to a problem. You know, there's lots of different ways to do what you're trying to do. You don't want to fall into the trap of thinking there is only one set of actions or steps or methods to solving a problem. There's actually a lot of different ways to do this. So the question becomes, what heuristics do you use or should you use to decide which actions are best and which methodologies should be prioritized? So if there's, like, a ton of different ways to solve the same problem, if y- there's a ton of different ways to skin a cat, how would you decide which method is the best and which way is the best? Well, we can think about this from a first principle perspective, because a lot of the time it's n- the problem you're, th- the problem you're not gonna have at this point, if you've done the information gathering stage and the, the problem understanding stage properly, it's not about a lack of information. You're not gonna be lacking any sort of information to make this happen. The problem you're gonna have is discerning which information should be applied and which actions are the most appropriate to take, if that makes sense. And so the reason that we're gonna go through these first principles here is when you're looking at your actions, and you're looking at your methodology, you want to make sure that you're abiding by some rules. Okay? So think of these like rules for building a methodology. So your job is to find the actions or the methodology, sequence of actions, that are the fastest, so that cause the effect as soon as possible. The easiest, so it can be executed on easily, and the simplest, which means they can be communicated and understood without trouble. Now these aren't the first principles, but you can kind of think of these like frameworks for if your methodology is good or not. Is it fast, i.e. does it solve the problem as fast as possible? Is it easy, i.e. it doesn't, it's not hell to do? And is it simple, it can be understood quite straightforward? Think of a methodology like a series of steps that you, um, or you and your client or your client must climb in order to solve the problem and therefore achieve the goal. So there's four first principles, unquestionable truth with no exceptions, when it comes to building a methodology that actually works. You must keep all three, ah, I need to put four here, all four in mind when building yours. So, first principle number one is action. Okay? So first thing about a methodology is it's a set of actions, things that can be done. Someone has to do it and act it out for it to work. Even if it's just information, it needs to be acted on. It can't just exist in theory, someone has to apply the information by taking the steps. Either you do it for them, with them, or they do it themselves. And remember, we've got DONE with you, DONE with you, DONE with you, DONE FOR you, DONE with you, or Do It Yourself. Either way, D- DFY, DWY, DIY, all of these contain the word done, right? Which means that it has to be done or in some way acted on. And the majority of you are gonna start with DONE FOR you and maybe a few with DWY. The DIY thing is only really possible once you serve a lot of people, and I want you worrying about this, um, later on. So don't worry about the CAUSE thing or DIY thing, it's probably gonna be DONE FOR you, or DIY. Sorry, DWY. Now, again, the, the point I'm making here is you can't just craft a methodology like some theory-based thing, right? For example, the mindset module that I made for you in week two, the week two mindset training, might seem like a lot of theory, but the whole point of that theory was to get you to take actions towards the end, like the affirmations, like creating the, the vision board. And obviously the action, the ultimate action, is getting you to actually do the work and then remain encouraged to continue through the program. And so any information, any theory, any of this needs to be relevant in giving ascent to an action. If it's not, then it's not critical, and it doesn't abide by one of the first principles. The second first principle is linear. So your methodology must be linear. The actions in question must be organized in a linear chain. Now if you're worr- if you didn't know what this word means, linear basically means step by step, okay? So the actions need to be organized through time so that one happens after the other in a simple linear fashion, basically a sequence. So step one, step two, step three, I don't have to explain this to you. If you don't get this, then my Lord, are you in deep trouble. It should be organized, um, so that the steps must be followed. Clients shouldn't be able to get the results without going through all the steps. So for example, in week three so far, what you'll notice is, you know, this week of the course specifically on how to become an expert or build a methodology, is broken down into a linear set of steps, right? So first of all, the first step is defining the problem. The second step is finding information relevant to the problem, and the third step is gonna be to create your methodology and to start doing that today. And this entire course, or this entire, you know, series of videos, program, whatever you wanna call it, has been constructed and engineered for you to take individual steps one after the other. And the thing about building your methodology and creating what you're trying to create and solve this problem is you don't have to create an academy. You don't have to create a course like this. Th- you don't have to spend a whole year m- making incredibly long, complex videos. That might be the standard that you want to achieve, but in the beginning it needs to look way scrappier than this. You've gotta realize I've been doing this for 10 years. This is my magnus opus. This is my endgame product, right? Of course it's gonna get better, but the point I'm making here is don't project what I'm doing for you here onto your clients. You don't have to build a mad year-long six-week program to get your clients results, okay, 'cause I'm trying to solve your entire life, right? The problem I'm solving for you is how to go from being broke to being rich, and it's, it's not like I'm just trying to solve, like, one specific little thing. There's a lot of stuff I've got to solve here. So, you know, you don't have to do that yet. You only have to focus on one problem, right? So that's the point I'm making is really critical. Understand you don't have to go balls to the wall with this, it can be really simple, but it has to be linear. You do them in order or they don't make sense, and obviously this applies to this program. So first principle number three is that it's critical. In this context, the word critical means important or vital. It basically means the fact that the actions in question have genuine leverage and aren't just being put into the methodology on a hunch or because they sound good. They actually truly need to contribute to the outcome and solution of the problem. Some actions may perhaps contribute a little to the outcome or solution, but they are always going to be s- asymmetric ones that truly move the needle, and you gotta think Pareto's 80/20 principle here. Some standalone actions that have low leverage may be significant to the achievement of the goal.But you wanna make sure that your solution doesn't contain information that leads to action that is irrelevant or unhelpful. A lot of consultants put random stuff into their service thinking it has to be helping, because it's more, but (laughs) people think that more is more, and that more is a lot more valuable, and this is just not true. Like, when it comes to building your offer and building your service, building your methodology, the less you have in there, the better. And I know that's ironic coming from a man that makes four-hour mindset videos, trust me, but the view at the beginning here, it's crucial you understand that you only want to include information or actions, or actions stemming from information, that are critical, meaning important or vital or high-leverage. Less is more. I cannot stress that enough. Less is more. Less is more, okay? For example, when I used to run my gym marketing agency, um, one action that I could have picked that might have slightly helped gyms get more members was to write and post on their Facebook pages about the gym, you know? It's like, "Oh, maybe one way I can help gyms get more members is by using Facebook posts." The problem is, is this helped so little. Did it help? Of course. You know, it's gonna help a little bit. But it helped so little in comparison to other methods, like database reactivation, ads, funnels, et cetera, that we simply didn't include it. So, just because an action helps or a piece of information helps, if applied, doesn't mean it needs to be included. You want critical, high-leverage actions only. And if you're wondering, "How do you know what's high-leverage and critical as, as opposed to what's not?" well, you just compare the actions to each other, if that makes sense. Um, so it has to be critical. It has to be vital. All the actions have to actually be ... Well, they have to mean something. They have to be important, right? And then first principle number four is objective. So, all information underpinning and advising the actions must be rooted in the truth, or as close to it as possible. So, remember when we talked about objective alignment in week two, when we talked about having belief systems that are reflective of the objective nature of reality? So, we talked about how, you know, when, when it comes to, like, your perception of the world, y- we have your subjective reality, which is the, your perception of the world as it is filtered through your biases and your paradigm, right? And then we have objective knowledge, which is, or objective reality, which is the way the world exists without a human to observe it, i.e. things existing as they actually are. What we want to try and do is align our subjective knowledge to the objective knowledge, okay? So, you take the true nature of something and you need to try to position your opinion of that thing in that way. And when it comes to constructing your methodology, you need to be as certain as possible that you have this thing called perfect alignment, which means that your belief systems about the problem and the information required to solve it reflect the honest, truest, purest form of truth, i.e. the objective. So, if your methodology is action-based, meaning it can be acted out; it's linear, meaning those actions can be taken in a sequence of time, in order; it's critical, which means every action taken actually means something and is really important; and objective, which means that the information informing the actions is true, then you have a good methodology. And so, when it comes to building this thing, action-based, linear, critical, and objective. If you remember these four things, it's very hard to build a methodology that doesn't work if you can keep these first principles in mind. So, when building your methodology, i.e. deciding what actions to chain together, you need to reason from these four things constantly. And if you ever get stuck with this thing, 'cause it's normal to get stuck, it's quite a hard thing to do, if you ever get stuck then all you've gotta do is come back to the first principles and understand them. If any part of your methodology is missing or, um, missing one or more of these, then your methodology is going to fail and you're going to let clients down, get refund requests, disputes, and issues. So, don't fuck it up and be very careful when you're building this thing, and keep these things in mind. Okay, so the million-dollar question, quite literally, then becomes, well, how do I know what information is critical? And bear in mind, when I use the word critical, it's kind of like a two-pronged word here. I'm talking about, first of all, how critical is it against the first principle? How relevant, how vital, how important is the information? But second to that, I'm talking about the truth. How objective, how logical, how rational is information, is the information? And how reflective is it of what is truly there without any bias, without you being emotional or led astray by, um, any sort of bias? You really need to get good at figuring this out. And what I've done is, and this took me a fair bloody while, is I've taken the liberty of mapping out my critical thinking process and exactly what I do, the step-by-step actions that I would use to help you, well, to, to actually help myself when it comes to deciding whether or not information is true, okay? And whether or not it's actually critical. So first, and don't worry, I've got you. As you can probably tell by this program, as, and these videos, there isn't a stone left unturned. If, if there's a place that you need to go, I'm always going to go there for you, if that makes sense. I'm not just gonna leave you saying, "Right, yeah, it needs to be critical, it needs to be true," without giving you the tools you need to actually make sure that that is gonna happen, 'cause that's just the way we roll here, okay? Looking out for each other. So, the tool or skill we'll be using to discern criticality and objectivity, i.e. importance and truth, is critical thinking. So, critical thinking is a skill. It's the ability to objectively analyze and evaluate pieces of information to form judgments about them. Now, 99% of humans cannot do this, or they do it unconsciously with a million errors. So, most people just think. They just feel and think and do and act without really any reflection or any critical thinking whatsoever. And the problem is, (laughs) is it's hilarious, I mean, critical thinking's not hilarious to all of us, but critical thinking isn't taught in school. It's not taught by parents. It's not ta- no- no one ever teaches you how to think, ever. Right? No one teaches you how to assess information. And this is how fake news spreads. This is how people end up dying, you know, like, you get, like, for example, primary example of the, the masses not being able to think critically, um, was in the '60s, you know, the '50s, '60s, whenever it was, um, you know, mid to late, um, 1900s, when doctors told everyone that smoking was healthy. Doctors were like, "Yeah, smoking's good for you. You should smoke. It's, it's healthy. It's good for you," right? The primary example, and everyone just bloody believed it. There were a few people that thought critically about it and thought, "Hmm. Inhaling, you know, carcinogens probably isn't very good for me," but most people didn't see that. Um, same thing is true ... There's, there's, I mean, I could get in- I could, I could go and- and- into any rant or conspiracy about a bunch of things right now that people think. Like, the food pyramid is another example of this, right? You might not be familiar with the food pyramid depending on the, the dietary education of the underpinnings of your culture, but anyway, I digress. We're not gonna get into any of that stuff. The main thing is you need to know how to think critically, and you need to know how to analyze information, specifically information to do with the, the solution to your problem, to see if it's important and also to see if it's actually true. So, here's how it works. Again, (laughs) as a, as a video, as a whole, I could make a four-hour video on critical thinking. I could, I've, in fact, I think I have on, on YouTube before. I've made, like, a really long video on critical thinking, but none of that matters. You don't need that for now. Um, this is the kind of stuff that we can talk a little bit more about in EasyGrow or, you know, further products when we're talking about how to actually think like a millionaire, millionaire entrepreneur, but for now, you don't need it. Okay. Check it out here. So, here we've got the critical thinking process, and I've really mapped this out for you in as much detail as I can to give you a seven-step process to thinking critically and discerning this information. So, you need to use this process to analyze critical information and other pieces of information you've gathered. This will help you discern what is true, critical and vital, and what is faulty. So, really, what we're trying to do with critical thinking, the, the whole point of critical thinking is being able to receive information in, like, usually in a statement, right? Just a collection of words from another person or from an entity. Could be a corporation. Could be a government body, like the police or something. It could be from a social media post. It could be from a news article. You're gonna receive information, words strung together to communicate a component of reality.

... party. And the point of critical r- thinking is being able to look at these words, look past them and what they mean, and dive into them to see how true they actually are. And no one does this, and this is why people get into real trouble, is most people, this is how you need to see it. Information informs decisions, and decisions inform actions. So you know how we've talked about this during the mindset module, where you sort of, you act out what you believe, you act out the information that you, you know, you comprehend. And a lot of people, they, uh, they're s- they're doomscrolling or they're scrolling through Facebook, or they're watching the news or whatever. They receive a piece of information and they immediately believe it to be true because of 101 biases, politically, culturally, religiously. Like, um, uh, there's, there's a load. And what people do is they take information at face value from all these sources. They then use that information to basically form a belief system, which is, I believe that this is true, fundamentally. Knowledge-based belief, or a judgment-based belief, or a identity-based belief. That then gets sewn into their paradigm. Then, all of the decisions they make in life are filtered through the information that they've got available to them, and that means all their actions are based on that information. And so what happens is the reason people end up so unhappy and so miserable and have such shitty lives, we know now, it is because of their actions and what they do or, more importantly sometimes, what they don't do. And all actions come from this re- receipt of information at the beginning. And so what you need to learn to do, specifically everywhere, not just necessarily in, in the process of solving problems for your clients, you need to learn to think critically everywhere. Anytime someone says something, "How do you know that's true? Why is that true? Why is that like that?" Blah, blah, blah. You'll drive people insane and people will feel attacked, especially if they don't have an answer for you. Really important. The other day, someone came to me, um, what did they say? Someone said something to me that was completely, like, false. Um, I can't remember what they said. But they said something like, um, yeah, they said that... Okay, it was funny, 'cause we were talking about diet. And they said to me, they were like, um, "Oh, red meat gives you cancer." Right? And, you know, I've, I've been doing the, the carnivore diet thing for nearly two years. I'm, I'm not emotionally attached to a specific, you know, diet or anything. But I said to the person, I was like, "Oh, red meat gives you cancer?" And they said, "Yeah." And they were like, "Yes, it does." And I said, "Okay, well, why?" And they were like, "Um, well, because it does." I was like, "Oh, okay. Well, what's like, what's the cause and effect? Like, what's the biological, um, mechanism or fault that actually is caused by that?" They were like, "Oh, there's just studies on it. Trust me." And I was like, "Okay. Well, specifically what studies? Can you name any studies?" They were like, "Oh, just, it's just known. It's just, go and Google it." And I was like, "Well, I'm just trying to understand your point here. Like, I wanna see if this is actually true. Like, where, where have you got this from?" "Oh, it's just true. It's just, everyone knows it to be true." That's an example of... And you can have a lot of fun with this, by the way. That's an example of someone who's just making a statement, has blindly believed something without any critical thought. And what starts to happen is when you ask, "Why? Why? Why? Why? Why?" Or, "Who said that?" Or, "Where did you get that from?", you, people just get torn apart. Like the other day, one more example, someone said to me, um, something about, like, society. And they, they were saying how like, they believe that a certain group of people, um, are more prone to anger than a certain group of people. And I'm not gonna, you know, specifically talk about any race or gender or, um, religion or anything, or anything like that. But they, they basically, the statement they made is that a certain group of people are more angry than another group of people. And I said, "Oh, why?" They were like, "Oh, they just are." I was like, "Well, what are you basing this off?" "Oh, studies." "Oh, what, what studies?" "Oh, you know, just, it's j- it's just, it's just what I've seen." It's like, "Okay. Well, how many people do you know who are of this cat- this category?" "Oh, you know, I, I know a load of them." "Well, well, specifically how many?" "Um, like loads." "Well, okay. Can you name 10?" "Um, no, no, I, I can't, but trust me." It's like, "Well, if you can't even name 10 of these people, then how do you know that they're angry?" And I said, "Is it not the case that you've just met one or two and they've been very angry? Do you think it's truly representative and fair to take one or two people from a group of people and project their behavior onto everyone?" And then this person, 'cause they're quite smart, was actually like, "Yeah, fair enough. I think I might be wrong." And that's, that's all we're looking for, is... And this thing is, about this is, you're not trying to take, like... With critical thinking, you're not trying to be right. You're not trying to get an egotistical one-up. You're not trying to, you know, overpower someone or, you know, uh, just prove yourself right. That's not the case. All you're trying to do is find the truth. And you are gonna drive people mad with this sometimes, but it's, it's crucial that, you know, you don't just take things at face value, and you do actually break them down and question them without sitting on some sort of high horse. So let's talk about how to do this. So step one is to gather the information in question. So in order to think critically, we need information to think critically about, right? It's kind of, can't, can't really have one without the other.Can't put the cart before the horse here. So 1.1 is get the information, a piece of information that you want to analyze and evaluate from your information overload. So this should, this should basically feel critical to you and the problem you're trying to solve. So then the next thing you need to do is actually define the information in question. So get really clear and specific on exactly what the information is trying to tell you, what it's trying to argue or make a point of. Fully understand what it means. And this might sound very rudimentary, like, "Well, duh." But the thing is, is a lot of people receive information and they don't actually see it for what it truly means. A lot of people listen to people and listen to things people have to say without actually understanding or truly gauging what it is they're trying to do. And, you know, no one's perfect at this, and no one's gonna get this right the whole time around. What you've gotta realize is, when you receive information, you're receiving it through your paradigm. And that, God knows that thing is full of biases, right? So you need to be careful. But once you've gathered the information and clearly defined exactly what it's trying to say or exactly what it means beyond your biases, then step two is to actually understand the objects associated with the information. So what this basically means is a piece of information can be broken down into objects, right? Different things. You know, you could get a whole paragraph of information or words, and you need to gauge, like, what the relationships are between the objects. So for example, the information could be about people. It could be about a specific discipline. It could be about a certain type of person or a certain type of thing. And you need to be able to clearly comprehend...... engage what these objects are. Now, there's a really cool mental model ca- for this in consulting called MECE, which means Mutually Exclusive Collectively Exhaustive. And what this means is, you take all the objects in a statement or in a, in a statement of information, and you separate them out into their core c- core parts and core components. And so, understanding objects, I know it sounds very abstract and very complicated, but it really just comes down to eight simple things. So the first thing, if you want to understand the objects of a statement or, you know, the objective parts of the statement, you have to start by removing yourself. So you wanna take a third-party observer view of the information, without being a participant. (clears throat) Now, this is especially hard and especially difficult if the information is in any way, shape, or form emotionally attached to you, right? So if you're receiving a piece of information that triggers a trauma, or a wound, or something to do with your family, or your past, or your future, or whatever you think about the world, you have to learn to remove yourself. So for, let's say, for example, that you absolutely despise and hate Donald Trump with a passion, right? Then what that means is, if you're receiving information about Donald Trump, it, you can't really understand the object in that statement properly if you're filtering them through yourself. And you, you might think, "Well, obviously, yeah, duh, I can. It's just the president of United States of America," but fundamentally, hate, love, anger, jealousy, all these things, anything that you feel towards anyone or any object is gonna intervene with your ability to properly comprehend it. The second thing is to remove any identities. So what you wanna do is you wanna see the parts of this information as objects and relationships. So, you know, instead of looking at it through, like, a collective term or using collective nouns to, to group objects together, they might be emotionally charged, you know, like politicians, for example, um, or, you know, like carnivores, for example, if you're talking about diets or anything like that. You need to see them, um, as not as emotionally charged to remove the identities. And then you wanna identify the object. So what objects and things is the information talking about, and specifically, what actually are they? And this should be pretty i- simple. You know, depending on the amount of information you're trying to discern here, you, you might find that there's, like, five or six. There might be one or two. It might be the case that you're just analyzing a single sentence about a single thing, in which case, there's just a single object. Then you have to identify relationships. So once you've got all of the objects and once you've got all of the parts of this statement sort of, you know, mutually exclusively collectively exhausted, if that makes sense, then what you need to do is then discern the relationships between these things. So how do they relate to each other? So let's say, for example, that, um, you're dealing with, um, a massive piece of information that a friend has just given you about, um, your friendship group, right? And let's say that there's ... it involves five or six friends, and there's lots of drama, and lots of emotion, and stuff like that. And, you know, you need to find a way to solve this so you can keep your friendship group together before everyone goes mad. And, you know, you've received this information, so the first thing you do is you try and remove yourself from the, the situation so that you're not as emotional. Then you need to remove the identities. So let's say, for example, your friend calls a certain part, member of the friendship group, the dickhead, right? Or something like that. Or, you know, some sort of other slur. You need to learn to remove these identities that people give to pieces of information or to objects. Otherwise, you're gonna become biased. Then you need to identify the objects, so what you could do is you could clearly identify who's involved. You know, and maybe, maybe there's, like, something else involved, like a nightclub or, you know, a specific bottle of alcohol, or someone's T-shirt or something. There's gonna be an infinite amount of these things you need to identify. Then what you do is you identify the relationships, not just between the people in question, although this example I'm giving you is to do with people, but specifically, between the objects and things, and how they relate to each other and in what directions. And one thing, and this might sound mildly psychopathic, but one thing that really helps when, um, dealing with people-based information is try to not see people as people for a short period of time. And I don't mean that in a way where, you know, you're, you're removing any ability for you to comprehend emotionality. That's, that's not what I'm saying at all, but it helps to see them as objects in a very, very short window so that you can properly discern the relationships. So then what you would do in this instance is you'd separate them all out as objects, you'd remove any identities, you'd remove yourself, and then you'd start trying to, you know, define the relationships, like how are all these things interconnected? So let's say you've got five friends, and one of them has stolen a T-shirt, and one of them has drunk someone else's alcohol, and another one got lost at a nightclub, and then that pissed off three of them, and you need to be able to, like, draw lines and arrows. Almost like, you know how, like, a detective would do this if they're trying to solve, like, a murder case, and they've got that, like, pinboard with, like, the red tape and stuff, like, connecting all these objects? Like, that's kind of what you wanna be like here, just to clearly understand what are the relationships and what is it exactly you're dealing with. Then we want to identify the time sequence. So usually, if you're getting a lot of information, you're gonna receive it, um, across time, right? So this happened, then this happened, then this happened, then this happened. And so what you need to do is understand what happened in what order, and also how these objects relate to each other over time, okay? And how things have elapsed over time. Then we remove ambiguity, so remove the use of multiple words to describe the same objects or relationships. So, like, say, for example, we are talking ... I know it's a trite example and this has nothing to do with you solving your consulting problems, right? But let's say that we are using the example of someone's T-shirt being stolen. You're trying to understand the information, right? The, the person giving you this information, they might refer to the T-shirt as the shirt or the T-shirt or the item of clothing, right? It needs to ... If, if people are using multiple words to describe the same objects, then you need to try and stop doing that, because otherwise you, you might have, you might have confused it for having multiple objects as opposed to just the one. If that makes sense. Then, step 2.7 is a hard one, but you need to remove emotions. So don't factor any emotions that you feel towards any of these objects or any of the relationships between them. You need to try your best to completely remove the emotion from the equation to properly understand the information that you are receiving. And then 2.8 is to remove loops. So if the info loops ... Sorry. If the information loops the same object or relationship flow multiple times, then remove loops. So what we often find when people tell stories or people give information, they'll loop the same thing over and over and over again, where they'll say the same thing, and they'll say the same thing over and over again, like I'm doing right now. You need to learn to n- not discern that, because what happens if someone loops a piece of information? If they say it more than once, then you might give it more credence or more credibility just because it's been repeated, as opposed to it being done more than once. So step three is to examine the information. So what we're doing here is we're trying to identify what the information is for or against by identifying the following. So most information is gonna genuinely, generally speaking, most information is going to make an argument.And what an argument basically is, is like a claim or a conclusion that actually tries to state something as true, right? And obviously, you know, we understand through belief systems and through the, the, the polar nature of the world and duality of, of the world at this point, that if you claim something to be true, then you immediately claim the opposite to be false, right? And so we're trying to get to the bottom of exactly what the, you know, information is trying to tell us. And so the first thing we need to find out about the information is, what is the claim? So what is the information trying to claim as true? Because remember, the whole point of analyzing information here and the whole point of critical thinking is to find the truth. And so what we need to do is we need to find out what this information thinks is the truth, so we can actually analyze the truth itself as over... against the information's subjective truth. Then what we do is we find the premise. So what is the reason or what are the reasons the claim is true? So, you know, because of this, since, for, the reason given that, et cetera. And the conclusion of the information is the claim that is supported by the premise, okay? So, you know, that's kind of these two things put together. So for example, when someone comes to me and they say, "Oh, red meat gives you cancer," it's like, "Okay, well, why?" "Um, well, because someone said so." It's like, "Okay, well who said so?" "Well, I don't know. It just... Everyone knows that it's true." It's like, well, that's not very critical, is it? It's like, oh, you know, oh, this, this group of people are more angry than this group of people. Um, "Oh, why?" "Well, you know, since, um, this happened." It's like, "Well, wh- wh- what?" Like, you know, there's a claim, there's a premise and a conclusion. So 3.2 is to judge the argument. So determine if the arguments, states, and info are valid or invalid based on the supporting conclusions given. And so, you know, it's... Basically, the, the strength of a claim is really determined by the strength of the premise. And so when someone makes an argument or when someone makes a claim, you need to figure out like, okay, well, what are you actually backing that up with? You know, it's like, "Oh, I think this is true." "Oh, why do you think that's true?" "Because I've read these 10 articles. I've proven it in real world time with these le- these experiences, I've tracked the data in this exact way, and, you know, I've got the 10 top authority figures in the space all agree with me." It's like, "Oh, okay, that's actually a pretty good claim." And there's a very, very strong chance that that claim is more likely to be true than just saying, "Oh, just trust me, bro," you know? So that's that. So 3.3 is view from all angles. Look at all claims, premises, and conclusions, and parties, i.e., other people, from many angles and perspectives as possible to see how differences in the information might be interpreted. So what you want to learn to do is kind of transcend yourself for a second here and view these things across lots of different perspectives. So, you know, if you're analyzing the information from your perspective, then maybe take the, the... try and take the perspective of a doctor, or try and take the perspective of a nurse, or try and... if it's medical, right, try and take the perspective of the patient. Try and take the perspective of the patient's mom, right? If you're, if you're analyzing medical information. And you might not be so good at this at the beginning, but this is why, you know, it's really helpful for you to, um, ask friends, ask family members to, you know, um, to analyze claims as well and premises and conclusions, so you can get lots of angles and perspectives. Number 3.4 is to examine the motive. So identify what all parties or people communicating the information want and what benefits them for others to believe or not to believe. So the biggest leading cause of people lying or saying things that aren't true, not even in a malevolent way, but just saying things that aren't true, is incentives. So, you know, like for example, um, uh, one example I can give you. So Russell Brunson is the guy who founded ClickFunnels. Very, very successful, one of the most successful, um, software companies, B2B software companies, for this online marketing space. Kind of like gave way to the whole marketing space. ClickFunnels, right? And Russell Brunson, um, Brunson, he used... Th- there's a... there was a competing software to ClickFunnels, so there is, called Infusionsoft. And Infusionsoft is a little bit more of an advanced version of ClickFunnels that has more features. And Russell Brunson said, "Don't use, um, Confusionsoft, just use ClickFunnels, because C- Confusionsoft is way too confusing." And someone who's thinking critically, like someone who's not thinking critically would think, "Oh, here's Russell Brunson, authority figure, done. I believe it to be true. Confusing, confu- uh, Infusionsoft must be confusing." Um, you know, but then someone who is thinking critically might look at that and think, "Oh, well, Russell Brunson has a direct incentive to put people off using con- k- k- eh, could put people off using Infusionsoft." I can't even get my words out now. I'm getting confused. So he has an incentive. And the same thing is true with, um, the doctors in the '60s when the doctors said that smoking is good for you. Well, guess who was paying them to say that, you know? Or at least guess who was paying the medical boards. Same thing with the food pyramid and same thing with all these things that are coming out now that weren't particularly true and lots of people are getting very upset about them, you know? There's lots of, um... Lo- all you've got to do is, generally speaking, follow the money. And there's so many lies that are peddled, um, in, on social media and in the news and throughout society because of financial benefits or just general benefits, you know, general incentives and benefits, right? So whenever you're examining information and the claim and the premise, always, always, always look at the motivation or the motive or the incentive behind the claim and the premise. So step four is to remove biases, okay? So there's lots of biases you're going to have when observing claims, premises, and conclusions, and information. So first of all, remove authority. So don't give authority any privilege when analyzing information. If anything, you should distrust it. So if the person saying the information has some authority in the space, then you, generally speaking, want to trust them less. In the same way that I'm making these videos, you should think critically about everything I say. Just because you see me as a, as an authority or as a mentor to you doesn't mean that I'm infallible, it doesn't mean that I'm, you know, not sometimes wrong. So, you know, if you ever got your shaking suspicions, then, you know, question it, think it through critically, get really good at this, and don't give authority any privilege when analyzing information, okay? In the same way that you shouldn't trust the doctors when they said that smoking was good for you, you know? Um, there's lots of these things, like, I mean, tons of examples that you can probably think of right now, you know, on top of your head, of people saying, like... Like another example, um, and I don't want to get too political with this, because this is where you end up going, right? But like with COVID-19, you know, and, and everyone, you know, in the, um... all the governments were like, "Right, you've got to stay indoors, you've got to wear a mask, you've got to do this." And now post-COVID, everyone's kind of looking like, looking around like, "Why the hell did we listen to th- that?" Like, "Why did we get vaccinated, like, against a, a strong cold?" Now, I'm not gonna get into the politics of this, because it's obviously a touchy subject for some people, but you get my point, right? You kind of see what I'm trying to say. Don't trust authority, remove the bias. The second thing is the consensus or kind of what's accepted as correct at the moment. Don't perceive consensus as correctness and distrust it. Same thing with popularity. Just because an idea or just because some information is popular or just because the person who's giving the information is popular doesn't mean it's right. Don't perceive what's to be popular as what's right. Remove culture. Don't relate information to your culture or others. Analyze it isolated from your cultural biases. Remove r- so like, for example, like, you know, let's say that you're, you're observing the Aztecs and how they used to do human sacrifices. You know, you might want to critically think that one through and be like, "Mm, human sacrifices don't sound like they're a very good thing." But it's like, you know, culturally, "Oh, but the Aztecs just thought that was what was right." Well, that doesn't make it-

... right, you know? But that's a, that's a whole thing. Um, remove religion. So don't relay information to your religion or others. Analyze it, isolate it from bias. Obviously this is a hard thing to do if you're a very religious person, I understand, but again, it's a bias. It can be a massive, massive blind spot for people. Remove politics. So don't relay information to your political views or others, and remove biases. Remove yourself. So don't relay information to what you want or don't want to hear. So here's the thing. You're gonna want to receive certain information, and you're going to not want to remove others, um, receive other certain information. Big bias, needs to be removed. Remove emotion. So don't perceive your or others' emotional responses as right or wrong, and remove them. So authority, consensus, popularity, culture, religion, politics, yourself, and emotion, these are all biases that must be bypassed, really, in order for you to properly observe the claims, the premises, and the conclusions, and the truth. And step five is drill with questions. So you want to ask ... Like, once you've got the information and you've got all this down to a T, and you know the argument, and you've removed your biases, then you're gonna ask your who-related questions, your what-related questions, your where-related questions, your when-related questions, your why-related questions, and your how-related questions. And you want to keep drilling down with as many questions as you can think of until you truly understand this thing. So remember, like, how many questions I forced you to answer about the problem, even though you didn't know the answers to them? Some of them? Like, you've got to realize that information's like an onion. You want to keep peeling back layers to get to the very core of the thing. And there's some examples of, um, some questions here, but there, there'll be hundreds that you can ask on specific pieces of information, right? So really crucial, drill with questions. And then step six is problem-solving with Socratic reasoning. And we've kind of discussed Socratic reasoning already, but this is where we use the five whys, or you can use more than, what, five, right? Problem-solving frame where that's extremely simple and effective. You start by clearly identifying the problem statement and ask why five times or more until you get to the root cause, and then you keep going till you can't go any further. Now, I use this a lot on Q&A calls. Um, I put our Q&A calls 'cause this was more when, um, more for, like, EasyGrow, when I used to do Q&A calls there. But here's the thing. So let's say the problem statement is the vehicle will not start. It's like, okay, that's the problem. This is a piece of information, right? The, the, um, what's the claim? What's the, what's the conclusion? The problem will not start. Why? The battery is dead. Okay, well, why is the battery dead? The alternator is not functioning well. Well, why is the alternator not functioning? Because the alternator belt is broken. Why not? The alternator belt was well beyond useful service life and has not been replaced. Why? Because the vehicle was not maintained accordingly to the recommended service schedule. So the reason the vehicle won't start is because it wasn't maintained properly. So if you say, "Oh my God, my car won't start." "Why?" "Because the battery's dead." "Oh, great." Well, there's nothing you can do about that unless you go and, like, replace a new battery. But the thing is, is you can go and replace the battery and fix the car, but the problem is that if you don't fix the problem of maintaining the car properly, then it's just gonna happen again. Do you know what I mean? So this is why, like, when you get information, you want to get all the way to the bottom of what it actually means and specifically why the problem exists, and that way you'll be able to solve it more effectively, okay? So step seven is decision-making. And by the way, this isn't always gonna be relevant. Sometimes if it's, like, not a, not a problem, it's just a piece of information, but you still want to try and play around with this. So 7.1, decide. Is the information true? Now you understand it properly, you've removed any potential bias and have properly thought it through, is it true? Is it objective? Is it actually critical? And is it necessary and relevant to the solution of your problem? Like, can you see the cause and effect? Can you actually explain why if this information was applied and acted out, it would solve the problem for your clients? If you can't, if you cannot explain the cause and effect, then it's probably not critical and it's probably not true. Okay? So that's the whole thing we're trying to get to the bottom of here, is the truth. So that's the critical thinking process. And what you want to do now, and this is an action item for you to do right now, is use the critical thinking process above to analyze the key pieces of information that you believe to be critical in solving a problem. So you should be aware of what these pieces of information are, and now you've got a process to actually analyze them, and you want to go and do it. Now, it's pretty simple, right? I've just explained exactly how to do it. It's gonna take some work and some thinking, but the more time you put in here, the better results you're gonna get for clients. And so the next thing is to actually create your MVM. Now MVM stands for minimum viable methodology. So we're actually gonna do some work here on building your methodology right now. So this is your own critical methodology that you'll implement for, with, or teach your clients to do for themselves to solve the problem in question. The crucial part of this is minimum viable. So this term comes from a business term called minimum viable product, or MVP. And an MVP is basically a product that you're taking to market with as s- with as few moving parts or as few features as possible. You create a minimum viable product for basically the sake of speed, just to get some product-market fit and start getting some cash in the bank as soon as you can. So what a lot of people do is they over-bloat and they overcook this. We want a minimum viable product. We want a minimum viable methodology. We want to create the simplest, easiest, and fastest methodology that solves the problem as best as we can with no bloat, no excess, and nothing we don't need. It should be scrappy, short, and straight to the point without any fancy stuff, shiny objects, or bells and whistles. Simple wins here, so don't over-complicate it and get straight to the matter at hand. I know this is ironic considering that it's taken me, like, nearly a year or whatever to build, to build this program, but again, my situation is not your situation. I'm already at the eight-figure level and I'm building a, a free program or building this program in question, you're not free, to, um, to basically help a lot of people, hundreds of thousands of people and, you know, change a massive part of the market and just completely shift the way people think. You're not trying to do that. You're just trying to solve a niche little problem for a very specific niche. I have a very broad niche here, and I have to solve, uh, like, you know, 50 to 60 problems consecutively, right? You don't have to do that yet. So don't look at this and think you have to do this, right? So before we begin building a methodology, we can recap how critical information is applied to solve problems. And if you remember, we've got this 12-step process here, where we define the problem, we locate the information to solve the problem, we seek it actively by going out and watching it, we receive it...We process it, we understand it, we judge it, and this is the critical part, right? This is the critical thinking exercise. We judge the information. You can understand something without judging it. So you judge the information based on whether or not you think it's true, then you decide whether you should act on the information and you decide what to do about this fact that you've got it. Then you act it out, after making the decision, then you give it time, and then you- th- then change happens. So you give time for the cause, i.e. the action, to create the effect, i.e. the solution, and then we let some, um, some change happen where reality is bent to your will, and then we receive feedback. Did you solve the problem? If so, how well? Do you need new or more information? So we've got some examples here. We've got this program, we've got Easy Grove. I've already given you these examples before, so you can pause and just check them out if you want to, you know, read them over again. But you get my point. This is how we apply critical information. Define, locate, seek, receive, process, understand, judge, decide, act, time, change, feedback. Then what we do is we take the feedback and we use it to redefine the problem and go all the way back, t- to the beginning. And we just continuously repeat this loop, and we'll talk about this loop in the next video when we talk about iteration. So everything that you do or you recommend your clients to do to solve this problem should be because critical information says so. You use critical information as a tool to inform your decisions, and therefore your actions, in pursuit of the solution to this problem and in the pursuit of value addition, okay? Anything you tell your clients to do or anything you do for your clients should be done because a piece of critical information that has been properly thought through tells you to. That is the point. You don't do anything or get your clients to do anything that isn't rooted in the objective truth and critical, okay? So this methodology here, um, minimum viable methodology, this allows you to basically abide by the four first principles, action, linear, critical, and objective. So let's talk about- let's- let's do this. So we've been leading up to this, so let's do it. So creating your minimum viable methodology. So step one is critical information mega list. So what you wanna do is you wanna list down everything you found. And by the way, you don't wanna do this until you've done this. So what you should have from your last- from your, uh, information overload is hundreds of pieces of information, maybe more than that. You're gonna have multiple hundreds, maybe thousands of pieces of information on how to solve this problem, right? Maybe you won't have that much, but you should have a lot of information, lots of statements of perceived truth, lots of arguments, lots of things. And what you want to do is you want to go through every single piece of information that you think is critical and run through this process to see if it's actually true and to see if it's actually something worth putting into your methodology. And so this is a bitch. This is gonna take you some time to do, but again, this is like we're building a business here. We're not just... You know, this isn't gonna be sunshine and rainbows. It's gonna take a lot of energy. So before you can build your minimum viable methodology, you need to go through every single piece of information that you've received in your information overload stage and think it all through critically. In fact, I'm gonna actually change this here. Do this for every piece of information you've gathered that has even a hint of criticality, okay? Every single piece of information needs to be d- filtered through. Do not think about including any piece of information into your action-based methodology if you haven't thought it through critically. At least just that, okay? Important. So step one, critical information mega list. So what you wanna do, after you've gone through and critically thought through all the information, list down everything you found that you think could be critical to solving this problem. And I'm gonna, again, I'm gonna put here, having already critically thought it through. This list should contain all pieces of information that you've critically thought through and analyzed that you think could help you and your clients solve the problem. List them below, in no particular order, as many or as few as you found. Focus less on having many pieces of critical information and instead on how critical they actually are. So I've, I've put 30 here. You might only have like four or five pieces of information here. You might have 20, you might have 16, you might have 38, you might have 107, you might have three, right? There's no hard rule to how many pieces of information you need to have here. You might only have one. There might only be one piece of information. If so, fucking hats off to you, man. Bravo. Like, you- you really wanna have as few pieces as possible because then it makes your methodology way faster, way simpler, and way easier, right? Less is way more. But, you know, at the end of the day, you list them all here. You might wanna extend the list, you might wanna shorten it. It- I'm not saying that 30 is exactly how many you should have, okay? So don't be biased by this list, 'cause it truly could be the case that you only have eight or 28 or 108, right? So write them all down here. Remember, we'll focus less on how many pieces you've got and way more on how critical they are, because there could be one piece of information that, if acted out, completely changes the problem and completely solves the problem. It could be one thing, one simple little thing, bang, done, value added, easy, right? So list them all out now. Step two, critical information priority list. So this time what you wanna do is relist the critical information, but this time only the critical information that must be implemented to solve the problem. So what we're doing up here is we're listing the information that could solve the problem, everything that could solve the problem. But what we wanna do next is we wanna list the information from this list that must be implemented to solve the problem. So these are could haves, but will include some must haves, and these are just the must haves, right? The things that absolutely must be done or acted out for this issue to be solved effectively, right? Simply, quickly, and easily. So think of this in the sense of what information is crucial and absolute must have. Not nice to have, or that might be important, you know, but what, what do you know is absolutely vital? Again, in no particular order of time or any sequence or anything yet. No, no order of priority or importance, no order of time, just, you know, list them out. Now, again, it doesn't have to be 15 in total. You may have less than 15, you may have more than 15, right? Chances are you're gonna have less, but it doesn't matter.This is the list you're gonna use to build your minimum viable methodology. So we list out everything that could solve the problem, and then from the coulds, we take the musts. And the musts are the important things, 'cause the truth is that if it's not a must, then it doesn't need to be included, okay? Could it add some value a little bit? Yeah. Might you want to add it to your service down the line? Yeah, sure. Might you want to improve your methodology with it eventually? Yeah, sure. But the point I'm making is right now, we're focusing on the high leverage things, these are the true critical things, the must-haves, the things that are non-negotiable. You're like, "Shit, if the client doesn't do this, or if I don't do this for the client, they're not gonna get results at all." Like an example of a- of, of ... I gave you earlier was when I was helping gyms with marketing, and something they could have done was post on their Facebook page. Yeah, they could do that, it's a piece of critical information that might help them get ... because it could be acted out to help them get more clients, but it's not a must. If they don't, there's plenty of gyms that have got the result they want without doing that. So you see what I'm saying, right? So step three, action list. So now what you do, this is where we really put some rubber to the road. What you do is ask yourself, what action would you take to implement each piece of the must-have critical information above? Let me repeat. What action would you take to implement each piece of the must-have critical information above? So how can you act this information out? How can you take this information and then use your calorific potential and move your body or your mouth or your tongue or your eyes or your face or your hands or your legs? How can you exercise physical or mental action to get this done? How can you act it out, right? In the same way that I've ... I, if I said to you, um, if I said, "Do you want an ice cream?" And you said, "Yes, I want an ice cream," and I said, "Well, the shop down the road sells ice creams." Then, if you want to act out that information, you will put on your clothes, uh, um, hope ... Actually, to be fair, if you told me, if you were naked and you told me you wanted ice cream, I'd, I'd, I think I'd have to question that for a second. But you'd put on your shoes, right? At least. (laughs) You'd get your keys, you'd walk down to the shop, you'd, you'd exercise a financial transaction, and you'd eat the ice cream. It's that simple. In the same way that if, if I said to you, um, "I'm thirsty," and you said, "Oh, no worries. Um, you know, there's a, there's a tap out the front with drinking water in it." Out I go. I'm acting out the information, right? That's all life is, is acting out information to solve problems, generally speaking. And so what we're doing here is we're taking the information and we're trying to figure out what actions we can take. So for example, um, let's say that I'm, I want to do appointment setting for marketing agency owners, right? It's like, well, one action that I could do is I could send cold emails, or, you know, I could, I could personalize the first line of my emails to make them a little bit more effective, right? There's 101 things, 101 ways to act these different things out, but if the critical information you receive cannot be acted out, then it's not critical. If it's just a theory, it's like, it's not gonna work. But most, pretty much all information can be acted out if you really think about it. So, think of the actions that are the easiest, simplest, and fastest. And again, the main thing to bear in mind with this is your competitors. Think, like, you, you ... A lot of this heavy lifting has already been done by people that have done it before you, and there's no shame in looking at your competition and what they've already done to solve this problem, because trust me, you can go and copy and grab that stuff and just use it for your own, right? 'Cause all the actions are probably already out there, we don't need to reinvent the wheel here. So correspend- corres- And obviously it should be critically thought through, but you, you get my point. So correspond the information with the action, okay? So critical information. So you, you take your, you know, must-have list here, right? There might be more than 15, less than 15, it's up to you, and you write down the information, and then you write down the action to apply that information. And we do this for every single piece of critical information here like this. Okay? So action, action, action. What's the information? How can we apply it? What's the information? How can we apply it? And again, the, the thing about this is it might actually be the case there are multiple actions here. So I'm actually gonna change all of these to make this point, 'cause it's very likely that the information might need to be acted out in multiple ways, okay? And so there's, there's no issue whatsoever, um, let me just change these over here. There's no issue whatsoever with you having to do multiple actions to, to act something out, okay? So just bear with me whilst I change this. I don't want you thinking this is binary, like there's only one thing you can do per piece of information, 'cause that's just not true. It might be the case that there's one piece of critical information that you act out in seven different ways, okay? So you list them all out here and exactly what you'd have to do. And so what you're then gonna do is list the actions below. Again, no particular order. So you list out your actions below. There doesn't have to be 15. You might have less, blah da blah, might have more. You list out all the actions. And now, what you're seeing, in no particular order, is what needs to be done to solve the problem. And then we're gonna scroll down. And now step four is linear sequence. So now what we want to do is organize these actions into a linear chain that makes sense. So step one, step two, et cetera. Again, there doesn't have to be 15, there can be more or less. So you list out the actions in the order that makes the most sense for them to be completed. So for example, if I'm trying to solve the problem of baking a cake and I'm, I'm producing a recipe book, then it helps for me to tell people that they need to crack the eggs into the bowl before whisking the eggs. You can't whisk eggs that haven't been cracked, right? Well, you can, but it's probably gonna make a pretty terrible cake. In the same way that I might say at the start, preheat the oven. Because if you do all the preparation and then you put your cake in an oven that's not preheated, then it's not gonna cook properly. And so you list them out in a linear action, and that's it. And now you've got your methodology. It's that simple, guys. It's, you know, it's just a collection of actions either performed by you, with, or, um, or your client acts them out, right? Now, I thought about giving you some examples here of methodologies that I've built in the past, but I decided to not give you any examples and to purposefully kind of leave you slightly in the dark here for fear of biasing you. Um, I, I, I had, I h- I started writing some examples out, um, for my previous businesses and just other examples in general, but I decided that I didn't want to leave them in because this needs to be your thing based on your own critical analysis with no bias from me or anyone, except from your successful competitors. The only people you wanna model off of are your successful competitors, right? But think of this like, bit like, you know, you writing a recipe to bake a cake, right? Or, you know, it's kind of like, well, y- y- this is the thing, is I, I, I was gonna give you examples, but I just thought about it, I was like, well, I'm, I'm, all I'm gonna do is bias you. This needs to come from your information, from your definition, from your critical thinking. This is your advantage, your moat, right? And I didn't want to give you any biases. Now, this is where it gets interesting. You don't have to do this, because, you know, I'm gonna put here optional. Now you want to ask yourself, step five, is there anything in your linear chain of actions that could be removed or eliminated? Any actions that, if removed, wouldn't really matter? What can you take out, if anything, while still providing a functional solution? Because remember, the objective here is to create a minimum viable methodology, which means having as little as possible in your methodology. So you only want to remove what you think is unnecessary. And there might be nothing at all. This is optional. It might be the case that all the actions here are absolutely critical to the function of the solution, and without them, it falls apart. Like, you know, if you, if you forgot to p- if, if you're like, "Oh, well, I'm, maybe I'm just gonna, um, teach people how to bake a cake and I'm gonna tell them not to use eggs," it's like, well, if you do that, you're gonna have a shit cake, right? So you don't wanna, you don't wanna remove things for the sake of removing them, but anything that you think doesn't need to be in there should be removed. And so what you can now do is just

... put your revised meth- methodology. So, you know, what you'll notice here is we started off with a big list of every piece of information that you thought was critical, that you thought through. Then, we asked what must be in there, like what's crucial? Then, we obviously actioned that out, and then now that we're looking at the actions, it's way easier for us to say, "Actually, probably don't need to do that. I'll maybe do it, maybe, maybe in like the, my next version I'll try it." So, now it's like, now you've got the actions, and then you just remove. And you want to, like you want this to be the simplest, leanest, easiest, fastest thing possible. You do not want long methodologies, trust me. The longer this is, the more hassle you're going to have, the more trouble you're going to have. Why? Because, there's more things to go wrong. There's more things that are going to break. It's more confusing for clients to understand. It's going to take you longer to do, your clients longer to do. You want this to be as simple as possible. Now, for me with my products, my methodologies are incredibly long. Why? Because, I'm solving a myriad of problems for people. And we're going to talk about this, um, in, in the second order problems video, where I explain how when you solve one problem, you open up another problem for clients. And if you want to add more and more value, you solve problems that they face after you've solved the first one. But, my methodologies, let me explain, this is fucking crucial, so listen right now. My methodologies at the beginning of my business journeys were so simple. So simple. A few steps maximum. Dozen, half a dozen steps, a dozen steps. Like, really, really, really, really simple. Do not look at my products and what I'm doing and think that you need to do the same thing. Don't think you need to build a massive course. Don't think you need to have 30 different actions. Then, you, it again, it's the, it depends entirely upon your scenario, right? But, I just cannot stress enough, make this as simple as possible. Don't overcook it, don't add too many steps, don't add too many actions, remove anything you think you don't need, and be ruthless with trying to make this. You want to become obsessed with making this as short as possible. That's kind of the point, okay? And so congratulations, if you've done this, you've just created your version of a methodology. Now, you actually have something to sell. Now, there's a few more things that we need to talk about in week three, relevant to, um, specifically relevant to, like, backing this up with guarantees, how to iterate it, how to improve it, et cetera, et cetera. But, you know, we're kind of coming to the, to a point now where you should feel quite excited, because now you're looking at kind of an actual product. Like, you're like, "Shit, I've actually got something that I can kind of sell now, and I can actually do for people or teach them to do, or do with them." And that's exciting, right? So, you know, here's the thing, is all these actions, like now that you've got these actions defined, it's just a question of doing them. Um, now there's gonna be certain ways of doing them that are better, and you're gonna have to learn a lot of things about doing these actions. But, once you've got these things here, all, all you have to do to become better at what you do is just repeat these actions and just obsess about them. And just think about these actions over and over again. So, one of your actions is run Facebook ads or build a funnel, or build a lead nurturing sequence, or, you know, do this or do that. All you've got to do is get really good, and now you can see really clearly what you need to do to get clients results, and all you need to do is become really good at these actions to get results better and better, if that makes sense. And, um, this is quite exciting, because now you've actually got something to sell. You know, it's like we've got there, nearly. Um, so yeah, I think that's pretty much everything for this video. We'll talk about more to do with how to iterate this, and how to improve this, and get better at doing these actions and stuff. But, I'm hoping that things are becoming real clear to you now, and I'm hoping that I've been able to bring you a heap of clarity and, you know, perspective on, on how these businesses actually work. So yeah, that's everything for mapping and methodology. Again, and I know I've been plugging this a little bit here and there, if you want to speed this up and start really accelerating the rate at which the business grows, start looking into EasyGrow. Start booking a call. Even if it's just exploratory, just start exploring that, because that's how you're going to completely skyrocket. Like, this thing, as we go through the sales modules and the appointment booking modules, they're going to help you, but EasyGrow is like a, if you feel like you're, like, "Shit, I really want to get this thing fucking going. Like, I'm fucking ready to, I'm ready to re- blow this thing up and just really explode," do the EasyGrow thing. Book the call, explore it. Again, I've, I've told you from the get-go that my intention here is to get you to book these calls. It's to sell you EasyGrow. That's why I'm making these videos. It's, obviously I want to help you, but I just want to make it clear that's, that's my intention. That's my, being transparent with you here, um, as I'd expect you to do the same with me. So anyway, do that if you want to, but I'm hoping you're kind of getting this point now, where you're kind of like, "Shit, like this is actually starting to get real." Like, "You know, I've got something I can sell. Like, oh fucking hell, it's getting real, right?" So, that's it. I will see you in the next video. See you there. Bye-bye.