# 3.5. Iterative Expertise

Hey everyone, Charlie Morgan here and welcome to Iterative Expertise. So at this point, now that you've developed your methodology and you're real clear on the linear chain of actions that are critical and objective, um, we're actually going to talk about how to iterate this thing, um, because, you know, I can tell you from experience, having built multiple methodologies for multiple companies, getting them to seven multi, seven, eight figures respectively that, you know, you're not going to get it right the first time around, and you don't want to become too emotionally attached or in any way, shape, or form married to your methodology. It's going to be off. It's going to be wrong. It needs to be improved and it's going to be nowhere near what it needs to be for you to become wildly successful. Now, are you going to be able to use it to get some results for clients? Probably yes. Are you going to be able to use it to make your first couple of thousand dollars and get some clients in the door? Absolutely, yes. But is it the thing that's going to make you millions and millions of dollars? No. You know, in the same way that Apple, when they first launched the iPhone, if you look at the first version of the iPhone and compare it to th- the versions of the iPhone we have now, the first one was really shit. Now it was pretty groundbreaking at the time because there was nothing else on the market like it, and it's kind of the same thing that we've done with your methodology here. The first version of your methodology is going to be potent enough and powerful enough for you to deliver some results and help clients in your own original way that separates you from the crowd, unless you've copied your competition, which is again, absolutely fine. However, what I can tell you is this thing is going to need to be iterated, and your... The point of this video is to sort of demonstrate to you that you've done your methodology, but that doesn't mean you're done. This is a never-ending thing. You know, in other businesses, we have this, this, um, department typically called research and development, right, where most companies are committed to researching and developing their products and improving their processes to get their customers results, and we need to do the same thing. We need to kind of treat our methodology the same way that a pharmaceutical company would treat a line of drugs. You know, they're always testing new things, always looking for different ways to improve their product line, and so that's what we need to do. We need to constantly work on this. Now the question then becomes, well, how do you work on your product and how do you get better at what you do? And the answer is by signing clients and doing it. It's not something that we can really theory craft anymore. Trust me, y- y- you can pro- I can probably, you can probably say, "Trust me, I've done the theory crafting now." You've probably spent, you know, days and days watching hundreds of hours of content, books, everything on everything to do with this problem and this niche, and now it's time th- to really realize the only way you can get better at this is not by reading a book, or by listening to a podcast, or by watching a YouTube video, unless something new comes out, of course. But it's actually by getting clients and deploying the methodology, listening to feedback, and iterating accordingly, okay? So I just want you to know that now that you've created this thing, you're kind of never done with it, and it's a never-ending constant barrage of improvement. In the same way that you need to constantly develop yourself and improve yourself from the mindset training, you know, we have version one, version two, version three. We have the exact same thing unfold with our methodology. Okay, this evolutionary, um, iterative march, if you'd like, of improvement is everywhere. So we're going to talk about the scientific method briefly, iterating a methodology, and a few rules to remember. So without further ado, let's get into it. So welcome to Iterative Expertise. Here, we'll explore how to improve your methodology over time and gradually improve it. Improvements to methodologies aren't overnight successes. You're not going to have these big swings and hits, you know, where suddenly you find this massive improvement. They are slow, methodical, scientific adjustments that come with lots of feedback over time. Now the thing is, is, you know, I'm making this program from scratch, um, without having signed any clients in, like, or had anyone go through this. The difference is, is I've, like, I'm teaching you how to, you know, solve a massive problem here, which is starting a business from scratch, and that's not an easy thing to do, right? But the only reason that I can create this program so thoroughly is because I've done this for myself and, you know, I've got 10 years of experience helping more than 4,000 people grow businesses specifically in these spaces, right? So I, I can kind of, I don't really have to, I still have to do the iteration thing, but when it comes to building products, I can hit the nail on the head and, you know, when it comes to building methodologies specifically for this sort of, uh, realm of business, I can swing and hit pretty much every time. If you try and build a course from scratch on how to do something that you've never done before and never heard people do, then you're almost always going to swing and miss, and you're going to spend a lot of time building this thing and it's going to suck. So the point I'm making here is the reason we start with your minimum viable methodology and something real simple and clean and easy and straightforward and simple and fast is so that we can just adjust it real quick and just make little scientific improvements until eventually, after 10 years of doing that, you're able to sit down and record a behemoth of a course that quite literally blows everything out of the water without any adjustment or any iteration. You can just use your experience and that's kind of how it goes. So we're in two very different boats, so don't, don't compare. So the scientific method. Now, fortunately enough, um, you've already learned this in week one's Iterative Renaissance training. Um, so if you remember in week one in inter- in Iterative Renaissance, um, we discussed the scientific method and how it applies everywhere in business. So if you remember, we used a little diagram to explain, like, DNA and the ants and how, like, an ant would be adjusted in, like, the version one, like evolution and stuff like that. Well, this video is really more than anything just to serve as a reminder or refresher on the scientific method than for you to learn anything new. So it's best summarized with these resources and you can refer back to Iterative Renaissance, and I'd actually recommend that you go and rewatch this, um, after week three because it will really, you know, um, reiterate and re-summarize the importance of understanding this stuff. Because, you know, I know right now you're keen just to crack on and start signing clients and stuff, but you really, there, there was a reason why I spent an entire month or two, probably was two actually, building one single video on the scientific method. It's really imperative you understand. So we've got this, these two resources here.So first of all, we've got this overall summary of the scientific method. If you remember, we've kind of got this, um, four-step process here, where we formulate a hypothesis, which is kind of what you've already done by creating your MVM, your minimum viable methodology, by creating your version one. So we formulate the hypothesis, then we test the hypothesis, then we observe the results, and then we iterate a new hypothesis accordingly. And if you remember, um, you know, we talked about these steps, um, micro-steps, and the things you need to do to make that happen. And so, you know, I'm gonna go through this summary real quick, I'm not gonna spend too much time on it because you've already learned this, and it's just more of a refresher to, to trigger your brain and be like, "Oh, yeah, I remember this," and that's, you know, you need to associate this with your thing. So the scientific method is fucking badass. It put a man on the moon, took a picture of a black hole in space, invented modern-day medicine, and much more. If it can do all of these things, it can certainly get you to the point where you're successful in business. I know because I did it. So, the, the frame of reference here is very, very powerful. You're trying to solve a niche problem for a niche and just make some money, right, get six figures, more than six figures. The scientific method is responsible for things way harder than that, right? So let's say that you've got your niche, you've got your problem, yeah, it might be a little tricky to solve, find the information, but at the end of the day, the scientific method quite literally, you know, um, like, uh, has cured critical diseases. Like, (laughs) you know, it's, it's allowed us to build, like, um, nuclear weapons, you know? It, it's allowed us to, like, completely, um, you know, economically dominate, um, sorry, like, uh, environmentally dominate the planet. Like, we've done some ... We, we've built rocket ships, we've done some pretty cool shit. We've built electric cars, we've built artificial intelligence at this point. Like, all of that is because of the scientific method. And so if the scientific method can give assent to such incredible feats, then I'm pretty sure it can help you solve a, a little problem for a little niche somewhere in the corner of the world, right? So there are four steps to the scientific method, and they are cyclical. Um, cyclical means they loop, loop, loop, which means that there's, there's a never-ending cycle. So we start by formulating the hypothesis, i.e. we put our metho- our minimum viable methodology together, and that's our hypothesis, our version one. Then we test that hypothesis. In this instance, we expose it basically by signing clients and deploying it, and then we observe results. So did the hypothesis work? Did the actions work? Did the methodology actually produce results? And then if it doesn't, um, then we iterate the hypothesis, and if it does but not quickly enough, then we iterate the hypothesis, and if it does but we're still missing something, then we iterate the hypothesis. You're almost always gonna iterate. And this isn't, by the way, something that you're gonna do after every single client. Like, that would be exhausting. This, this happens a lot more naturally than that. Um, it's not like every client you sign you need to be looking for a reason to iterate h- your hypothesis, because you, you generally want to do this in batches of, like, five. Like, three to five clients, test the hypothesis, and then you, you know, you, you iterate it, and then you get another three to five clients and you iterate it. Like, there's never gonna be this perfect, clean, like, batch of data; there's always gonna be a bit of overlap. But my point here is just, just, just getting you familiar with the idea that you're gonna have to iterate, right? And so this is obviously the four steps, pretty simple. Now, when I wrote out this example, um, I was referring more to ... Well, I was referring more to client acquisition, and so the example that I've sort of given here, um, is, is specifically cold calling. And if you remember, you know, we, we, I gave you these examples, and if, if ... By the way, if this isn't jogging your memory and if you're still kind of like, if you're watching this and you're a little bit gray on the scientific method and you couldn't explain it to a crowd, like if you couldn't sit down and explain the scientific method on a, like a quick 15 to 20-minute TED Talk and its first principles and its core, then you really need to go back and rewatch Re- Iterative Renaissance. It's really, really, really fucking important that you get these things, uh, dialed into your brain. So if when I'm talking about variable maps and, you know, talking about microexperiments and, like, micro, macro DNA, critical information variants and stuff like level two variables, level one variables, um, macro, micro. If, if, if all of that kind of feels a little bit vague to you and a bit distant, you kind of know it but you kind of don't, you need to go and rewatch the video, okay? But if you remember, we talked about, you know, variable maps and how these, how you can break something down into its little core parts and then adjust them and change them accordingly. Ex- exactly the same thing is true, in the same way that it is true for an ant, you know, or, uh, a specific organism, the same thing is true for client acquisition systems, but also, of course, your methodology. Now, perhaps not with as much complexity, but you get my point. And so, you know, I've already been through this; we're not gonna go through it again in hideous detail. Um, you know the steps. If you don't know them and you can't recite them really off, off by heart, like I have earlier, then you need to go and rewatch this video, okay? So yeah, really important. So we formulate the hypothesis chain, you know, and the thing about this is, it's not gonna be binary. Like, there's gonna be a little bit more to your hypothesis chain, because obviously if your methodology is, you know, 10 actions long, um, and each action has a set of variables, like, you kind of want to get into the habit of, like, mapping your methodology, right? So look at all of the actions that you're taking, and then look at all of the variables underneath each of those actions. And what you can do is you can kind of build out a variable map like this. Now, this is more EasyGrow advanced complex stuff, and we get into this a lot more in Action Genesis inside of EasyGrow, um, in terms of these, these maps and stuff. However, um, for the sake of keeping this video simple and not confusing you and overwhelming you with too much information, all you need to know is, you know, you've got your chain of actions. Every action is gonna have a set of variables around how it's executed, the nature of it. Like, there's gonna be a bunch of stuff about each action. Like, you know, for example, if you're, if you're like, "Action number three, write ad copy for client," it's like, well, there's gonna be a load of different variables associated with that, and you should really have, like, two to four key variables per action. And so you can start breaking this down into its macro, micro, micro, micro components and-Um, again, if you're, if you're not sure what that means and you're still kind of struggling to see that, you need to rewatch It to a- Iterative Renaissance again and again and again until you get it, 'cause it's really important you don't forget this stuff. Um, yeah, with defining metrics, again, like, you, you might not be able to find metrics and KPIs for specific actions. Um, you might if, if you can find, like, a real measurable outcome. But some parts of your methodology simply won't have metrics and KPIs that you can measure, right? So, there is that. But most of them will, right? Um, establishing sample size, latency and timeframe, airtight testing, creating your version variables, um, establishing constants and key variable, and then obviously we're testing the hypothesis. The key here is, you know, logging data and doing nothing and just letting the test run. And, you know, if you sign a client, like, this is what people do. Let's say that you've signed 15 clients and now you're on version three of your methodology, right? So you've iterated, now you're at version three. Let's say you sign a new client, you're like, "Oh, I really, I really wanna, like, change this around, and there's this, this, th-" and you just start changing shit around randomly. Like, no, no, no, no. Any change to a methodology needs to be brought about because of data or, you know, at the very least, some sort of intuition based on a number or feedback from clients, right? We don't just wanna change it because you wanna change it. That's sabotage, okay? Don't fuck with the test while running it. No changes, no emotional impulse shifts. Logging the data. So, you know, you can get, you can put together spreadsheets. This is the cold calling one from EasyGrow, for example. Um, but, yeah, there's a d- I mean, that's just a, this is an old one. We've got new cold calling sheets since, since this. We updated them recently. Um, however, like, way more complex. Well, not complex, but just way more comprehensive. Um, you wanna try and, where you can, create a spreadsheet for testing your methodology. Th- this is kind of where we get into this gray area, 'cause I can't give you spreadsheets. I can't give you variables. I can't give you these things because it's your methodology. You've created it, it's specific to you, which inhibits my ability to, you know, actually, you, you're kind of almost starting to be on your own a bit here. Like, up until this point in the training, like, you've been riding your bike and I've been running alongside you and you've got the, you've had the safety wheels on the bike, and now I've kind of taken the safety wheels off and you need to start thinking for yourself, right? And it's crucial that you're able to do that and build y- build your own spreadsheets and, you know, run your own tests and start using your intuition a little bit to, to do this, right? So step three is observe results. So you verify the data, you determine the success, you iterate upon the hypothesis, you pick the needle mover variable, you recognize new constants, you pick your modification level, um, you modify accordingly, and you repeat step one, right? And so, you know, pretty straightforward stuff. Like, again, I would ju- Even if you think you understand this, I would, for the sake of the exercise, go and rewatch Iterative Renaissance and pay real attention to it. And if you're ever stuck on how to actually use the scientific method specifically for your methodology, then you can come to this resource and you can just follow it through, and you can also use these to do it as well. And you need to get scientific with this. So, iterating a methodology is very simple stuff. You know, right now you've created your methodology, which is a linear set of actions that you and your client will deploy to solve a problem. And this is considered your version one, right? So we've got version one right now. And really, the way that we iterate is not by, once again, theory crafting. It's by signing a bunch of clients, getting, like, you know... Really, you wanna kinda do this, like, I'd say, like, maybe three to five clients at a time. Once you've got, like, into later versions, it's gonna be more about, like, 10, 20, 30 clients. Like, I won't make a change on my methodology now unless I've signed, like, 100 clients, 'cause I sign, like, 100 clients a month, right? We have, like, a, you know, 100 clients a month for EasyGrow specifically, and, and sometimes more than that, to be honest. And so that way I've, I've got so much data coming in to, to iterate and improve. In fact, I've got, like, a whole research and development department specifically for EasyGrow dedicated purely to iterating our EasyGrow methodology. Like, I've, I've taken this to its extreme. I've spent millions of dollars on this stuff, right? So, you don't need to do that yet, you don't need to worry about that yet. All you need to do is sign your first few clients, get three to five clients in, see what happens. Like, do they all have to refund? You know, do they all w- get results? Do they get results slowly? Do they get results quickly? Is there a chink in the armor of the methodology? Do that five at a time, three at a time maybe, and then you can start making changes. What you don't wanna do is get one client, deliver the results, find out it doesn't work, and then change the entire business and change the entire methodology. Like, don't do that. Your first client, you might suck, you might not get results, you might have to refund them, right? It might not work. And that's fine, and that's normal, and it's very typical, right? I wanna set your expectations properly here. So don't be emotionally sensitive to changing loads of crap after your first client asks for a refund, or even your second client or third client. Like, it's, it's gonna take you some time to get into the hang of this. And the thing about your clients and getting, getting your first client is, you've, you've lived perfectly fine up until now without a client, right? And without the money coming from that client. So what's gonna happen is you're gonna get a client and they're gonna give you money, and you're gonna get this massive dopamine spike and it's gonna feel amazing. And you're gonna deploy a methodology and you're basically running a test, and there's a chance that your methodology doesn't work the way you want it to. And there's a chance that you're gonna deploy it and it's not gonna quite work. And there's a chance that client's gonna ask for their money back. And there's a, you know, that might happen. Th- that's an outcome that truly might happen to you, right? And you, you, you're right now, you're crossing your arms thinking, "That's not gonna happen to me, it's gonna work." That's your cope, that's your pain avoidance. It's very likely that you're gonna fuck up your first client. And so you need to be prepared to give that money back, you need to be prepared to get back to square one. And what you've gotta realize is if you sign a client and have to refund them, you haven't actually lost 'cause all you've done is not gain, right? You're exactly where you were at the beginning, and right now you're kind of okay, you're obviously in some pain, right? But it's not the end of the world. You're still alive, right? You're not dying. Um, so just be prepared for this. And it- iteration's a painful process, and, you know, it might take you, like, three to five clients before you can really start diagnosing what's wrong with this thing. You might not know what's gone on. So just don't be emotionally sensitive with your first client. Don't make a change straight away because your first client or second client or third client hasn't worked. You know, at the end of the day, we're playing a long-term game here, you're gonna be in business for decades. You're gonna be working in this niche for years and years and years, and you don't wanna fuck it up just based on one person, right? 'Cause it could be the client. So then, um, version one, you get clients, version two, you get clients, version three, and you're just gonna iterate this thing gradually. And you might decide to iterate your methodology after a few clients. It's usually best practice to wait until you've served at least three to five before you start making changes. As with your first client, you're not always gonna be deploying the best methodology. Like, your first client is gonna suck. It's just gonna... You might get results and you really can, and, like, I've r- I got results with my first client for all my businesses, um, 'cause I'd thought through the methodologies properly. But again, like, you know, depending on the niche and, you know, who you've copied and how's it going, it's going, you wanna be careful. So just be scientific. Listen to feedback, pay attention, and never make an irrational, impulsive change to your methodology without the data or scientific evidence from clients to prove it, okay? So a few rules to remember. Um, so first of all, ceteris paribus, you wanna keep all variables remaining the same except from one. So you don't wanna change multiple things to your methodologies at once. Like, you know, we need to be gradual here, right? Now, if it's really clear and apparent that a couple of parts of your methodology need to be changed, then you can always change them. So you can always let the data rule your decisions here, but all I'm saying is don't just make changes for the sake of making them, and try your best to iterate as few variables at the same time as possible, um, and isolate specific metric outcomes to specific actions and specific variables within the, within those actions, right? Don't be an idiot and jumping around and trying to change, like, 100 things at once. Follow all four steps of the methodology. Um, sorry, follow all four steps of the scientific method and don't skip any. See client delivery and deploying your methodology as an experiment, not some chaotic, stressful thing. So just, this is the thing. Just because money's involved and just because you've received money from someone... Like, when your, your first couple of clients, your first few clients, your first, like, five clients really, they're gonna give you money, and what you need to do, and we'll talk about this in the guaranteeing results video in a s- in a bit here. What we need to do is when you get that money, you cannot spend it. Uh-uh. I- if you, when you get-

... first client that whether they pay you $1,000, $500, $100, $10,000, whatever they pay you, that money is not yours. Until you've delivered the result, that money does not belong to you. And this is a crucial cr- it's like you're holding it in escrow almost. This is a crucial thing to realize for your emotional management for your first few clients. Until you get your client a result, their money is not yours. Even though they've sent it to you, even though they've bank transferred it to you with no hope of ever returning it or getting it back and trusting you with that money, even if they didn't use a credit card or whatever, that money does not belong to you. Okay? Because if someone gives you their money, and we'll talk about this in the, in the guarantee video in a minute, but if someone gives you their money and they are not, like, you know, and they don't get the result, then you need to give them back their money. Simple as that. And I don't care who you think you are or how proud you are, if you don't do that, you are a bad fucking person. Okay? So do not an- I do not want bad people coming out of this program. I do not want to be associated with people who want to just rip people off and keep money for their own, even though they haven't delivered results. It's disgusting, it's horrible, and I don't wanna see anyone in this program behaving like that. And we'll talk a little bit more about that in the guarantee video. Keep a level head and keep your emotions out of it, and don't be surprised if you get it wrong the first time around and have to give refunds to your first couple of clients. Remember, this is an experiment, you know? We're gonna get it wrong. You know, it's, you're not gonna get perfect results first time around. It's gonna be, you know, you're gonna suck a little bit at the beginning. It's like if you, it's, it's like saying, like, you know... Okay. Let's, let's, let's think about this. Um, I don't know if you've ever done martial arts before, but, but let's, let's, let's take boxing, for example, right? So, let's say that you spend, um, a whole week watching a ton of boxing tutorials, and, you know, you're in your bedroom and you practice some shadowboxing in your bedroom, and you watch all these tutorials and you, you, you know, you're watching them and you're watching them and you've learned a lot about boxing. Like, in theory, you know a lot about boxing. You s- you just spent the last, like, you did, you did 100 hours of research in one week, right? On boxing or something crazy like that. And so you know a lot, right? And so you go down to a boxing gym and, you know, you're, you're all big and cocky and you're thinking, "Right, okay. Let's, you know, let's get in the ring." And you go to the ring and you go to a coach and you say, "Right, I wanna spar someone." You know, "I wanna, I wanna practice a fight with someone." And you step in the ring and you think, "Right, okay. I've done 100 hours of research. I've done some shadowboxing. Like, I know to plant my foot here and this, that, and the other." And then you hear the bell start and you will get fucking destroyed, you know? (laughs) Ding, ding. Good night. You're gonna get knocked out. Why? Well, it's all good and well knowing a lot of stuff and theory crafting stuff, but in, in practicality and in action, you're gonna get humbled real quick. And so don't... Just because you think you're an expert or because you think you've got a good methodology doesn't mean you actually do. You need to practice it, you need to have the humility to act it out and see it as an experiment and be willing to process refunds for your first few clients if you don't get results. And not even your first few clients. If, if your hundredth client doesn't get a result, you need to be willing to refund them. So yeah, uh, uh, just some, just some philosophy for you. But this is, this isn't common, but can still happen. Listen, it's not, I'm not saying that, like, your first couple of clients are gonna be refunds. I'm just saying that they could be, okay? So it can happen. So that's basically just iterative expertise, just a real quick video on, um, reminding you to use the scientific method to iterate your hypothesis and, um, keep these things in mind, and we'll continue on through the next video. Talk soon