# 3.7. Second Order Problems

(instrumental music plays) Hey, everyone. Charlie Morgan here, and welcome to second-order problems. So in this quick video, and it is gonna be a quick one, I'm gonna explain how to extract further value, uh, or how to add further value, rather, to your market so you can add lots more value and basically extract more money from them. Um, this is something that I've got quite good at, having been doing this for a decade now in terms of solving future problems with clients. This is not something that you need to worry about for now. A- again, this is one of these easy grow style advanced strategies. Like, it's one of these things that can be... You could, you could make a five-hour video on how to do this and how to extract value and be very, you know, i- i- explore these really advanced business concepts. But for the sake of keeping things simple and just making you aware that there are, there is a bigger picture here, I wanna just give you, um, an idea of my strategy for making a lot more money, increasing the lifetime value of my customers, and basically extracting as much money as I can from each client. It's not something... There's no action items here. There's nothing for you to think about or worry about yet. Well, think about, yes, but there's nothing for you to actually do here. I'm just making you aware that this is something you're going to have to do down the line, so that, you know, once you sign, like, you know, dozens of clients, once you're sort of at that six-figure mark, you can start remembering like, "Oh, I remember that," and then you can start sort of thinking about it. And this will also be contextualized, um, against your journey through Easy Grow as well. This is something you're gonna ha- absolutely have to figure out as you go through and start getting more clients and start growing, okay? So without further ado, let's hop in. So we're gonna talk about value stacking and just something for later. So real quick video here. So welcome to second-order problems. So second-order problems are things you don't necessarily need to worry about for now, but will come in handy once you've got your footing and have signed a bunch of clients and want to scale and make more money. Think of this as a video or resource, as more of an introduction to an idea as opposed to a practical thing you need to worry about right now. So this is called value stacking, okay? So basically, as we know, um, you're well aware that y- the way you make money is by creating value, and this is achieved through solving a problem. However, as you develop and get better at this entrepreneurship thing, it helps you to realize that for every problem you solve for your clients, another problem will arise. Whenever you shut a door, another one opens. It's kind of like Whac-A-Mole. You hit one down, and another one pops up almost instantly. That's how problems work. And so if you solve a problem, another one arises. It's impossible for that not to happen. It's just the, the, the way of the world, right? And so, you know, for example, for me, um, I, I solved the problem of, like, getting a niche for myself, finding a problem, getting my first client, getting my second client, scaling up, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, all the way to the problem now where I'm like, oh, I've kind of, you know... I'm in, I'm in this, this space, in this info space. I've, I've become, you know, the best in the world at solving the client acquisition thing for high-ticket consultants and for, for agency owners, so what do I do next? Like, I, I, I'm gonna hit a ceiling in this business at some point where I cannot scale any further, and, you know, I need... That's, that's a problem. Like, then I need to go into, like, another business model and, you know, explore. And another problem I had is, like, what do I do with all the money I've made? Then you have a problem with tax. And so there's... (laughs) You know, once you've got all the money, it's like, where do you invest it? And it, it, it... This thing just goes on and on and on and never ends, basically, to the point where you end up becoming a philanthropist. I'm, I'm probably about 30, 40 years away from that, right? So why is this relevant to you? Well, it's very helpful, because once you find a methodology that works, you're gonna be able to solve a problem your clients face consistently. So once you actually develop your methodology, you're gonna, you're gonna fine-tune it. You're gonna iterate it. You're gonna get to a point where you can just routinely solve this problem for clients. And, you know, what this does is it, is, is it gives you more leverage, because you have another opportunity eventually to add value and therefore extract more money from your clients and from the market. And so it works something like this, where right now you're solving problem number one. And through solution number one, you get outcome number one, and, you know, you make money. But the problem is, is by getting outcome number one, a new problem arises, so you can develop a new solution and get a new outcome and make money in the process, and then number three and then number four and number five. And, and this goes on. It's never-ending. So this is why it's called second-order problems. In the same way that we have second-order consequences, which we've talked about, where you can have the second order, the third, the fourth, the fifth, the sixth, the seventh, the eighth, the ninth, the tenth. You can have, like, the hundredth order consequence. We can also have the hundredth order problem, if that makes sense. Now, you're probably not gonna get to a point where you solve a hundred problems consecutively for your clients, right? That's probably not gonna happen, but you, you better believe there's always gonna be, you know, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten problems that follow the one that you're solving that you can certainly learn to solve and continuously extract value from, right? Um, like, real simple example, let's say that you help people, um, find high-ticket sales reps for their companies. You, you place salespeople. Let's say you, you... Done for you recruitment for sales reps, right? Well, naturally, if you do that properly, the next problem becomes, how do they manage these sales reps? How do they train these sales reps? How do they onboard these sales reps? How do they keep these sales reps, right? How do they build teams? And so, you know, that would be a second or a third or a fourth order problem. And, um, you can, by solving one problem, create another, which gives you an opportunity to extract more value, right? It's a really important lesson in business. Solve a problem. Ex- extract money by creating value. Realize that by solving that problem, you just create a new one, which means the pain's there again, and you, you have another opportunity to extract more money. And your clients kind of become... You can just milk them, not in like a weird, horrible... That sounds like a bad thing, right? But you can milk your clients for money by just continuously solving more problems and more problems, and your clients will happily pay you, because you're solving more problems for them. You're adding more value. So there's always gonna be, like, a exchange or transfer of value here. (clears throat) But that's how it works. So let me give you an example here. So this is, this is literally came in, um, this was a s- a school post in my Mastermind community. So our Mastermind is for, exclusively for agents and coach consultants who are really successful, making like multi-six figures, wanting to get to like eight figures, right? And, um, (clears throat) we have a sort of very selective group of people we take on here, which eventually maybe you'll get into if you, if you, um, work really hard and crush it. But this is a perfect example of one of my Mastermind clients, Josh. So I've, I've, I've blurred out his surname and his face 'cause he might not appreciate.... thousands of people seeing him ask this question, right? Um, but we took Josh. He started at zero, just like you, and now he makes 200K a month. He did that all with EasyGrow. Then he joined the Mastermind, right? And now his problem i- is funny 'cause he asked this question in the Mas- you can see I am the Imperial Mastermind logo, this is the Mastermind group. Um, he asked, he asked literally the question, like, "What do I do with money?" He (laughs)... Like, the problem he's now got is he's been through all of our training through EasyGrow. He got to seven figures. He got to multi seven figures. He's made... He's now sat on hundreds of thousands of dollars, maybe millions of dollars at this point. He's one of our best... well, not, not... He's up there with the best. Not, not quite the best, but he's, he's doing really well as a, as a, as a case study, right? And now his problem, he's asking me and Beau like, "What the hell do I do with this money?" Like, "I've, I've got all this money, I'm just sat on like, you know, massive stacks of cash from the stuff I did with EasyGrow." I mean, his ROI was fucking insane. He's like, "What do I do with it?" And so that's now a problem that we're helping him solve. And he pays the Mastermind fee to be able to ask these questions so that we can help him solve these future problems. And so I'm still... You know, I'm, I'm not... (laughs) It's gonna sound very questionable. I am milking Josh (laughs), words I never thought (laughs) would come out of my mouth. And I'm, I'm sure Josh would laugh at that. But not in a, not in a way where I'm, like, trying to just, like, get as much as I can from him, but I'm adding more value and I'm solving more problems and therefore he's continuing to pay me, right? That's what happens when you get really good at this stuff, right, is you get to this point. So again, this is something for later. Again, as per the introduction, this isn't something for you to worry about now. I just wanted to make this quick video to make you aware there is a lot of opportunity and leverage here, and once you figure out how to solve the problem in question, you find what happens next for your client. So, what will happen is once you've done this for, like, 20, 30 people, maybe a little bit more than that, you're gonna notice a pattern where your clients start complaining about the next thing, like, "Oh, this thing's... I'm dealing with this thing now. Now that you've solved this, like, I've got, I've got to try and figure out this next." Right? And you'll f- you'll notice a pattern, what issue they're faced with next and what crops up next. Once you know this, you can go back to the start of week three here and build a secondary methodology and wrap it in an offer so that you can sell to your clients to make more money from them. This becomes a very g- Again, this is advanced sales argument shit where you can say to people, "Hey, so I'm gonna solve this problem for you, but I've also got this as well that you're also gonna have. So basically I, I'm solving problems you don't even know you're gonna have yet. And this is a really powerful tool. I, I... We, we'll use this with selling EasyGrow sometimes where we'll say like, "Hey, okay, so, you know, you need to get clients and you haven't got appointments. So we're gonna help you get appointments, but we've also got this sales training because once you get appointments, you're gonna have the problem of knowing how to sell, and we've also got this show-up training because once you get appointments, you're gonna need... So how are they going to show up?" And so what this does is it shows clients like, "Holy shit, this guy is solving problems that I don't even know I'm facing yet," and that gives you some massive sales opportunities. Again, there's a specific way to do that. That's EasyGrow shit, it's advanced, you don't need it right now. You know, you, you just need to get started, right? Or maybe you do need it right now, but you c- that's up to you to decide. Um, yeah. So once you've got this fir- All you need to do right now is just get the first problem unlocked. Don't try and solve other problems yet because you haven't even solved the first one. Please don't get ahead of yourself and try and... You know, like I said at the beginning, ch- starting a business is like driving a car at night. We don't wanna look too far down the road 'cause you're gonna wrap around a tree. Super simple right now, keep it super simple So some examples. If you run a marketing business, then, you know, maybe you fix the problem of getting your customers appointments or leads. Then you need to fix the problem with sales or lead quality, and then fix problem with retention, fix problem with hiring. It, it just goes on and on and on. And eventually you get to the point where I'm at, where you just kind of sell a business in a box, right? It's just you sell a complete A to Z solution for every single problem someone could face in a linear fashion, and we'll talk about that in a second. Dating. So let's say that you fix the problem of helping people get matches on Tinder, right? Like, "Oh, pay me a thousand dollars and I'll give you my framework to get, you know, um, way more match... double your matches on Tinder or something." You know? Well, once you fix that problem, then they're gonna have dates. So then they're gonna have to be... You know, 'cause Lord knows that if someone can't even get a match on Tinder, they're probably not gonna be very good at a date, right? So then you need to work on their dating skills, their communication skills. Then you need to fix the problem of relationship management because they're gonna end up in a relationship, so you need to fix the problem of that. And then, you know, you need to fix the problem of, of early child fatherhood 'cause that's where that leads, right? (laughs) I'm just... I'm obviously kind of just joking here. You might not want to go that far. But you kind of get my point here. It's like, you know, you can solve the first problem, but there's gonna be another problem, another problem that you can add value And so, you know, this program is obviously a bit of a behemoth because the first problem is picking a niche, then researching a niche. So if you pick a niche, well, next, the next problem is obviously, how the hell do I research this niche? And once you've researched a niche, the question is, well, how the hell do I find a problem? And then the next problem is, how the hell do I, uh, pick a business model? And then how do I create an offer? And if I've created an offer, I need to have a price. And if I've got this stuff, now I need to actually set my company up. And if I've got my company set up, well, why am I so terrified and why am I so doubtful it's gonna work? So I need to fix my mindset. And if I fix my mindset, well, now I'm actually ready to start making some money and actually start putting some action in here, so I need to understand how to, you know, actually understand this problem. But then, you know, if I, if I know how to understand this problem, how do I know what's true? And if I know what's true, how do I create a methodology around it? And if I know how to create a methodology, then how do I guarantee it? It goes on, and on, and on, and on, all the way down to me teaching you how to sell, teaching you how to get lead sourcing, lead- teach you how to get appointments, teach you how to onboard clients, teach you how to hire contractors. Like, this is a never-ending thing. And basically, as you can tell, this is a journey. We're taking you on a journey here through problems, and I'm just helping you solve one problem at a time, and you're gonna get to the point where you need to go and buy EasyGrow Because the next problem you have is, how do I scale up? How do I learn these advanced strategies? How do I sort of grow out of this freelancer stage and actually start creating, like, really routine, predictable appointment booking systems? And you'll, you'll then go on to buy EasyGrow because it's a natural progression. You can see the value, you can see how we're gonna help you do it, and it's impossible to argue with that because you're basing your entire business around it, if that makes senseThat's why I've created this program, is I'm just helping you solve all these entry-level novice problems, and then you're gonna start to, to solve... you're gonna start to face these more intermediate problems, these more e- advanced problems, and that's when you need to use EasyGrow to solve them. And then EasyGrow will take you through a series of chain of solutions and you'll solve them, and then you'll get to a point where, oh, now you need to buy the next thing, and then the next thing. And basically, I want to take you from zero to millionaire. Like that's... I want to take you through this entire journey, if you'll let me. And I, I can do it. I can help you do it because I've got all the information to help you do it, as displayed by Josh here, going from zero to 200K a month in like a year or two. And we've, we've done this for hundreds of people, like the millionaire thing at this point. Probably more than that, actually. I don't know what the exact rate is. It's hard to tell. But, you know, we've, we've got hundreds of client interviews of people who start from nothing and then just using EasyGrow just go to like, you know, 50K a month, 100K a month. Like it happens all the time. Um, anyway, so you see my point. The reason you deem this program, this program specifically, to be so valuable is because it solves a linear chain of problems that are very predictable and common. So imagine if this program just helps you with this stuff. It would still be helpful and it would still help you, you know, you'd still find it valuable 'cause you, you know, you kind of got a bit clear, but you're then left in the dark on the next thing. And so what I'm trying to do with this program specifically, and with EasyGrow and all my products, is give you a end-to-end, start to sk- start to finish, s- s- scratch-to-scale solution. Scratch-to-scale. Everyone who goes through this program will have these problems because I've done this for myself and I've helped more than 4,000 people do it. I can come... B- because... Okay, because I've done it for myself, because I've done what you want to do myself, and because I've helped more than 4,000 people do this with EasyGrow, I can come here and predict them real easy. So I know exactly what problems you're gonna face. I know exactly what order they're going to happen in and exactly what you're going to need and when. And, you know, you won't have this foresight yet because you haven't been in your niche for long at all. I've been doing this in this market, I've done it myself for like, you know, 10, 10 years, whether it's with an agency or whether coaching businesses, right? In due course, you will. Give it 10 years and thousands of iterations like I have, and you'll be very surprised of what you can build. So the only reason I can come out of the woodwork and just crack out a, you know, six-week program that took me a year... Well, to be fair, it's probably going to take me a year to build by the time I've finished it, um, and actually hit the nail on the head is because I've done this with thousands of people already, and myself. You haven't got that luxury. So my point is, don't worry too much about the second, third, fourth order consequences yet, and all these problems down the line because you just want to try and solve them. Again, just food for thought. No action required now, okay So that's all for now on how to become an expert. And you've m- I mean, bloody hell. Well done, man, woman, whoever you are. Like well done on making it this far. Like I really am quite proud of you. Like most people at this point have given up. Um, they've gone back to, you know, watching Breaking Bad and eating Cheetos and applying for nine-to-fives, right? You're doing well. And, you know, you, you've probably become a little bit more confident. You know, you've got your mindset on lock now. You've got your foundations on lock. You've actually got something to sell. Like it's starting to really come to fruition. And, you know, as we move into the next, um, week, we're going to talk about sales and how to actually understand, like how do you actually convert people? How do you actually sell them? How do you, you know, get them over the line and, um, make that happen? Which I'm really excited for and it's going to be really useful, um, and it's going to help you a lot. So this is kind of what we've done so far, right? So we've, we've been working through this roadmap, um, of, you know, understanding fundamentals, picking a niche, research, avatar, problem, validate the solution, package, package the solution into an offer, company set-up, fixing your mindset, and now becoming an expert. Now, are you an expert yet? Not, not quite, right? You're not like an expert insofar as that you've done this for a decade and you've done your 10,000 hours of practice and you know what to do. No, you're not there yet. But you've go- you're at the point where you've become an expert insofar as that you've developed a methodology, you've developed a hypothesis, and you're now ready to start, you know, taking that to market and, you know, pushing that out into the world And so, you know, you're here. And so what we're going to be doing next is really getting into the sales thing and the appointment booking thing, right? Um, so we're going to learn the sales fundamentals, write your sales script, learn appointment booking fundamentals, build your appointment booking system. Again, like m- my objective here is just to help you get your foot in the door and get your first couple of clients. We're just going to move fast. We're going to keep it simple and lean and straightforward. If you're the kind of person that wants to build this into a proper, massive, serious company and really scale it up and really start making some serious money with this thing, and th- that's where EasyGrow comes in. But with the sales modules and with the appointment booking modules, these will suffice to just help you get your first, first foot in the door, if that makes sense. Just start making a bit of money and just start proving to yourself this is actually going to work, right? So yeah, sign your first client, onboarding your clients, delivering results. And there's a few other things we're going to do in, in week six that aren't included here, um, but they're just operational things like financial management and stuff that you're going to need down the line, right? But they're not, they're not integral to you making money, if that makes sense. Um, so now it's time to dial into the sales stuff and then the appointment booking stuff so you can start signing some clients and making some real money. And as always, you know, if you feel you're ready to explore it, there's no harm in booking a call to explore EasyGrow, right? If you're kind of resonating with whatever I've been talking about so far... And, you know, candidly, transparently, like the reason I'm making these videos is to encourage you to buy EasyGrow. That's, that's why I'm doing this, right? Obviously, I want to help you and I really want to add value and I truly feel for you with what you're going through because I've been through it before But I just want to keep, you know... I'm just plugging this. I'm shamelessly plugging it, and, you know, I'm sure you can appreciate my transparency here. Like it bloody works and we've done it for so many people and I just want to keep, you know, keep it top of mind so that you know that you can go there even when you need it. Because A, you know, it's going to make me money and it, you know, it helps me grow my business and it helps me achieve my goals. But B, like this thing is just a fucking weapon and I'm so proud of it and I love it and I can't wait for you to explore it. So go and book that call, um, if you feel ready to explore it in your own time. Right, that's all, and I look forward to seeing you in week four. Congratulations on building your methodology. Um, trust me, you're not out of the woods yet. You're going to have to iterate it. You're going to have to improve it. It's going to be lots of work to do. There might be a few refunds in order as well. Don't be afraid of any of that. Trust me, I've got your back here. We're still going to handhold you and, um, yeah, I, I really feel, um, like... I know that this is like a parasocial thing because you've never met me before and I don't even know who the hell you are, but it feels great to know that you've made it this far. And, um, you know, if, if you're this far now, you're pretty much guaranteed to start getting results because you're sticking to it and you've proven to yourself and to everyone else that you really want this to work. So yeah, congratulations. Maybe hop into the, um, community real quick and just post something in there about your experience with week three and how you found that, and maybe, maybe even put your methodology in there if you want to, you know, explore it. Um, but yeah, I look forward to seeing you in the sales module. Take care and I'll talk to you soon. Bye-bye