# 4.1. Sales Introduction

(instrumental music plays) Hey, everyone. Charlie Morgan here. And welcome to the introductory video for the Seven Figure Sales Strategy Module in the Imperium Agency Incubator. Now, I'm very excited to be walking through this introductory video because I'm gonna be teaching this module, um, and I'm gonna basically be sharing with you everything I know about sales. Now, I have basically lived and breathed sales for the past few years. Um, it's pretty much all I've done all day, every day, is just sales calls. Um, recently, it's been for Imperium, um, but before, it's been for Northflow Consulting. And I love sales. Um, I honestly ... When I started, I was terrified, I was nervous, I was shy, I was anxious, I was introverted. And sales has really ... It's opened up a lot of doors for me. Uh, it's really made me sort of understand myself a lot better. And I've really been able to completely transform myself, uh, when it comes to sales. Because before I started, it was just this- I just- I was this anxious wreck. You know, I knew that if I wanted to start an agency, I had to talk to people. And if, you know, I was- I was like, "Oh my goodness, what do I do? I have no idea what to say. What questions do I ask? How do I close someone?" And, you know, I was terrified of objections. I was timid, I was shy. Um, and with a bit of practice and with a bit of grit, I've really transformed myself into an absolute machine on the phone. Um, to the point now where our sales conversion rates for Northflow have- have been very high, almost double what most agencies are. Um, and so in this module, and over the course of the next few videos, I'm gonna basically be sharing everything I know about sales. I'm gonna be giving you my script, I'm gonna be giving you my entire framework of objection handling and all my rebuttals. Um, I'm gonna be giving a tracker. I'm gonna show you how to manage your emotions. And the purpose of this introductory video is really just to introduce these modules to you and give you a brief idea of what's gonna be happening in this week. Now, one really important thing to understand here is that this module has been produced to be basically consumed in a step-by-step manner. Um, unlike some of the other modules, you need to watch this thing through from the start to the end. Do not just skip straight to the script. Don't skip straight to the emotional bit or to the objection handling bit because it's all built like layers, okay? This- this thing is being built to really start from the ground up. And I don't want anyone skipping any videos. I want you just to sort of start here and work your way through step by step, because otherwise, you'll get to the end videos and nothing will make sense and then you'll come back and it will just be a bit of a chaotic mess. So it's so important that you pay attention to all these videos in order, um, and let's dive into what we're gonna be covering in this week. So here's what we're gonna cover in this module. So this first video, Introduction to Seven Figure Sales Strategies is fairly self-explanatory, um, and that's what you're watching now. But after this video, we're gonna talk about Sales Bedrock. Um, and this is the second video in this module. Um, and it's basically gonna really ground you in sales. I'm gonna sort of walk you through everything that you need to understand, like in terms of just having some foundations. We're gonna bust any misconceptions or ab- you know, misconceptions you have, or myths or misunderstandings you have about sales in this first place, because a lot of knowledge out there around sales is really wrong. Um, and it's- a lot of people go down the wrong path, and they think that salespeople are these courageous, outgoing, confident, you know, masterminds and that no- nobody else can do it, and that you're born with it, and that you can't learn sales. There's a load of misconceptions, and the last thing I want is for you to go through this week with those myths in mind. So this next video is really gonna be about shattering some of your beliefs, um, and we're also gonna break down a few other good foundations to have when it comes to sales, just in terms of understanding the process and how it works. And then after that, the third video is called The Imperium Conversion Playbook. Um, this module alone, I would honestly say, is one of the- one of the top three modules in this whole program, because in this module I'm gonna be giving you our entire A to B script. Um, we're gonna give you our entire line of questioning, we're gonna show you how to pitch, and we're gonna show you how to answer questions from prospects. Like this- this third video is worth far more than just the admission to this program alone. Um, because I've used this script to convert hundreds, hundreds and hundreds of clients for Northflow Consulting, and, you know, we'll soon be at a thousand, like in due course. So it's a very powerful and strong method. And The Imperium Conversion Playbook will give you the script, it will give you some- some absolute ninja level strategies as well. Like, we're gonna give you some tips and some tricks that no one talks about that you can use and leverage to- to convert more clients and just become an absolute ruthless closer. After we do that, we're gonna talk about script modification, because out of the box, the script we have is remarkably powerful, but obviously there are gonna be some different things depending on your niche. So in script modification, we're gonna be rewriting the script. Um, we'll be sticking to the frameworks, but we'll basically make sure that the questions you're asking and the pitch that you're using are, um, tailored towards your niche, your service, and your offer. After that, we'll talk about conquering objections. So I've put this into a two-part series. Really, the thing that separates good salespeople from great salespeople is just the ability to conquer objections, because anyone can use a script and pitch, right? It's not that difficult. But the main problem that a lot of people have is the objection part of the call, which is, you know, towards the end when people start saying, "I wanna talk- talk to my spouse," or, "I wanna go and think about it," or- any number of objections could come up. And most people in their day-to-day life don't handle objections. So like they're just agreeable. It's a personality trait called agreeableness. And nobody really thinks about objection handling. They're just like, "Oh, okay. Yeah, you wanna go and think about it? Sure. Well, when- get back to me as soon as you can. Okay? Yeah. Awesome." And then a lot of salespeople just- they're terrified of the- of the potential conflict that comes with conquering objections, when the reality is that...You should be terrified of what happens if you don't try to conquer the objection. Because the chances are, if you've got a prospect on the phone, you can probably help them, and it's almost like you have this moral obligation to assist them and to get them on board. Because if you don't, their life will actually be worse off. That's how I see it. So when I'm handling someone's objection or being ruthless when it comes to objections, like whenever ... If I'm not taking no for an answer, like, it's because I have the prospect's best interest at heart. I'm like, "Look, we can help you. I know that your beliefs are kind of screwed at the moment. I know your business is kind of screwed at the moment. I know that you're scared, and anxious, and everything, but I've got the abilities to help you. I know that what we have will get you the result you want. I know you can't see that at the moment, but I'm not gonna stop or rest until I get you on board here, because I will, I won't be able to sleep tonight if I don't. That's how seriously I take my job here." That's what you wanna sort of think, right? (laughs) When you're handling objections. Um, you may not want to be that direct on the call, but I've done it before and it's worked a charm. So conquering objections will, will be broken down into two parts. Um, the first part is we're gonna give the framework and the foundations, and the second part will actually be the scripted rebuttals that we use. And I'll also be walking you through how to write your own objection handling as well. Now, it's really important, once again, that you watch part one before part two. Similar to some of the other videos we've done before in the organic attraction modules and stuff, like part one is foundations, part two is action. But there's no point, like you can have the best rebuttals in the world, but if you don't understand the nature of objections, if you don't understand why they exist, how they come about, you won't know how to overcome them, even if you have somewhat of a script. So, it, the objection handling is so important. Do not overlook it. It is the thing that's gonna take your conversion rates from like 15 to 20% all the way up to like 40 to 50%. And I know because that's entirely possible. So we're gonna cover that, and then the last video we're gonna cover, um, in this module is the oscillation of doubt and emotional management. Um, once again, another very, very important video because if you're not careful, sales will take your brain on a roller coaster of dopamine and serotonin, and you will have these highs and these lows that are so extreme that your entire existence, and life, and mood, and mental health is dependent upon how many sales you've made or your conversion rate for that week or month. And that's not a very healthy way to live, okay? So what I'm gonna be doing in this last video is walking you through this thing called the oscillation of doubt, and we're gonna talk about how to really just manage your emotions and hone in on these thoughts and these beliefs that you have. And if you can do that, like it is honestly the, your, your greatest advantage over any other salesperson. Will never be the script or this understanding you have, it's just your ability to manage your emotions and keep control of your mind and to sort of just be aware of the fact that all these emotions are there, and to really just see them and realize that there's nothing to worry about, and we'll talk a lot about that. And in that video, we'll also talk about tracking your sales calls and using numbers, um, and metrics to overcome this because the, the sales c- can be quite a chaotic thing, right, in terms of how it makes you feel, right? You know, back-to-back nos or back-to-back yeses, it's unpredictable and it's a bit of a mess. But if you track everything, then you can really just bring order to chaos. Like you can make it quite predictable, and chaos isn't chaos when it's predictable. So in that video, we'll give you a predictable system for managing your emotions, keeping everything in check, and basically just keeping you on the straight and narrow so that you don't venture off into the darkness, which is not what we want. Um, so that's the seven videos in this module. Now, I've also got another bullet point here called bonuses, because I need you to understand that I am still selling actively all the time, all day, every day I'm doing loads of calls every day, and I love it, and I'm always learning new things, right? I want to triple ... Actually, no, that's not possible. I was gonna say, I want to triple my conversion rate by the end of, you know, a couple of years. But if I tried to triple my conversion rate, it would be over 100%, so that's not actually possible. But I wanna try and just, like, completely take this thing to the knife's edge. Like I want, in my sales calls, 70, 80% conversion rates, I really do. And I think and I believe that it's entirely possible, okay? Like right now, we're doing a pretty solid conversion rate of like, you know, some, some really good stuff, but I want it to be even higher. Like when you start, your conversion rate might be like 20%. There's no reason why with enough practice you can't get that to 40%, but I wanna get mine to like 80%. And in, in my sort of, it's like a personal goal, and in my quest to do this, I'm gonna learn a lot of new things, okay? I'm always training, I'm always learning. I'm listening back to my calls, I'm listening to feedback, and as I uncover new strategies, new ideas, and new techniques, I will be adding them to this program. So if you're on board as I'm recording this video, then there won't be any bonus videos available. But if you're coming on board in a few years from now, then the chances are there will probably be some bonus videos in there So don't be surprised if there's one, or nine, or 10, depending upon when you come on board, but I do fully intend on making this thing a bit of a dynamic project. Because the things that we teach here, like one through seven, are universal and they will, they have stood the test of time, they've got me to where I am now, um, and, you know, I'm, I wanna go further. Like I'm not done with this stuff, so as I find more things, then you will be updated as well. So, you know, whenwe- whenever we release a bonus video, we'll just, we'll put it in the Facebook group and maybe do an ann- do an announcement as well so you'll have access to that. But that's everything for this introductory video. Um, really important you go through all of these step by step, um, and by now, you should actually have some sales calls coming in, right? So if you haven't set up organic or paid systems, or both, to get yourself appointments, then you shouldn't bother doing sales training. Like you should only really worry about doing this stuff once you've actually got calls coming in. So if you haven't set up or if you haven't got systems, if you're not doing at least like two to three calls a day, then don't bother with the sales training, okay? Because there's no point in, in learning this stuff until you've actually got calls coming in. And the last thing I want is for you to use this training as a vehicle for your procrastination because you're scared of landing appointments, I don't want you thinking, "Oh, I wanna be prepared first." No, the best thing to do is just get on the calls and just work through this training as you need it, okay So don't put that off, it's really important that you get in the meetings first, but nonetheless, I'm so excited to share this, this stuff with you and, you know, I truly, truly hope it's gonna help you. Sales has been, it's been, I mean, it's, it's, it's been like the light to my darkness, right? It has really helped me, it's pulled me out of the gutter and I owe my everything to it and, you know, the stuff that I've learned has been, um, has had a huge influence on my life and I'm so excited to share it with you. So that's everything for this introductory video. I'll see you in the next one. Let's get to work. See you soon