# 4.2. Sales Bedrock

(instrumental music plays) Hey, everyone. Charlie Morgan here, and welcome to this video. This one is called Sales Bedrock. And the purpose of this video is to just give you a really good grounding in the foundations of sales. Um, we've got quite a lot of stuff to cover in this one. Now, the next video will talk about the entire strategy that we use, the script that we use, and everything like that. And the videos following on from that will, of course, talk about objection handling and everything as well. And it's important to have those strategies, and you, you can't really sell without them. I mean, there probably are other ways, but this is the best one that we've found. But unlike everything, or sorry, just like everything that we've been covering in this training program so far, all of the strategies we have are underpinned by foundations. And, you know, we... In this case, we're calling it bedrock, okay? Um, because if you don't... If you use these strategies, but you don't understand why you're using them, how to use them, or just the sort of core underpinnings of them, then it's not going to make much sense. Okay? It would kind of be like trying to learn a foreign language without understanding the different rules of that language in terms of like... You know, in, in French, for example, you've got masculine and feminine. Right? Someone could give you a, like a, a, a template or a script for, to, to learn French, but unless you understand the rules that the language sits on, it's not going to make much sense to you. And it might make sense to you, and you might think it makes sense, but then you'll go to France, and you'll start talking, and everyone will just be like, "What the hell is this guy on about?" And the same thing happens with sales, where you get a script and everything, and then you start selling, and then everyone's like, "What the hell is this guy on about? It doesn't make any sense." And the reason it doesn't make any sense is because you haven't understood the foundations. So, this is a really important video. Um, it's going to underpin your entire paradigm when it comes to actually closing deals and getting people sold. So, let's dive into it and get started. So, here's what we're going to be covering in this video. So, first of all, we're going to talk about the founding principle of sales. Um, this is something that I've discovered, and when I learned this, I was just completely blown away. It makes everything very clear and very easy to understand. And, um, understanding this alone will just help you boost your conversion rates tenfold. Then we're going to talk about common misconceptions and myth-busting. Um, so in this, in this part, we're going to sort of explain some of the common misunderstandings people have coming into sales, because there's a lot of them. And, you know, if you're trying to sell with faulty beliefs, then you probably won't sell very well. Then we're going to talk about your moral obligation in sales. Then we're going to talk about how we structure our sales calls and the, the basic sort of steps of the Imperium Approach when it comes to sales. Then we're going to talk about the one call rule, and then some important things to remember. So, all of this is, um, higher-level stuff. We're not going to be diving into any specifics today. But make sure you understand this. I'd even suggest you watch this video, you know, three or four times just to really drill it in. Um, because if you don't get this stuff, then you're building a house on sand. And, you know, you could have the fanciest house in the world, but if it's built on crappy foundations, then you're not going to do very well. So, let's talk first about the founding principle of sales. And discovering this principle was without a doubt the number one thing that has contributed to my sales success. When I found this, I was just... I, I stood up in my chair. I was like, I couldn't even believe my ears when I found this thing. It made so much sense to me. And being able to share it with you makes me happy, because I'm hoping I can give you a similar sort of reaction. Um, because once you understand this principle, once you understand it, like the whole, like, sales system makes sense. You can start to understand why people purchase things and why, more importantly, people are gonna buy stuff from your marketing agency. And it's probably not what you think. So, let me dive in. And it explains why people buy things. Um, like I said, not just paid traffic retainers, but pretty much everything. So, what's the founding principle of sales and why do people buy? Pain. Now, that's an interesting one-word slide. But pain is pretty much the reason we do everything. Let me explain. The brain operates from one mode of motivation, and it's pain avoidance. Now, there are psychologists that say that we operate out of two modes, which is pain avoidance and moving towards pleasure. But really, if you're moving towards pleasure, it's just because you're moving away from pain, and the absence of pleasure tends to be pain. So, it all comes back to this one thing. Like, the, the main reason we do anything is to avoid pain. The reason you're watching this video right now is to avoid the pain of not knowing how to sell or not having enough sales. The whole reason you, you bought anything or did anything is to avoid this one thing called pain. And it's why we buy, and it's our primary motivation for action. Therefore, most of the decisions we make as humans are made to avoid pain. Now, yes, there will be some decisions and some actions that we take without the pain avoidance thing in mind. But the key ones, the major ones, especially when it comes to buying things and investing in things and making decisions around new things coming into our lives, is mostly around avoiding pain. And you have to understand, if someone is making a decision to buy from you, it's because they think your product can solve their pain. Now, that's supposed to say "can solve their pain or alleviate their pain." It doesn't, I apologize. But if you, if you're not... If you don't realize this and you're selling your product as anything other than a solution to someone's pain, they're not gonna buy it. Because the only reason we buy things is to get out of a painful situation.... or to move towards pleasure. And if your prospect doesn't associate your service, or product, or retainer, or whatever it is you're selling, with the alleviation of their pain, then they won't add any value to it. The main reason we spend money is to get out of painful situations. And when I say pain, I don't... I'm not talking about physical pain, like, "Oh, my arm hurts." Um, I'm talking about, like, mental pain, which usually is a lot worse. I'm talking about people being fearful, depressed, anxious. All of these emotions that come with being stuck in your business or not making enough money, it, it brings up a lot of emotions. So when we talk about pain, it's, it's not necessarily like... We're not talking to them about their hamstrings. (laughs) We're talking specifically about their mental pain. And everyone is buying their way out of a painful situation. If you assess your motivation for purchasing this program, it's likely because you wanted to buy your way out of a situation, right, that was perhaps painful. Now, yes, we get people investing in this program who are in a position of wild abundance and, you know, they're already doing really well. They're not in particular pain, they just want to grow. That would be our second mode of op- operation, where we're moving towards pleasure. But only 20% or even probably 10% of people make decisions around that principle. Most people are still, like, in this, in this painful situation, and most of your prospects will be too. So don't get me wrong, like, you know, every rule has an exception. Um, and, you know, it's, it's gonna be the instance that you come across people in sales situations, and they could be the happiest people in the world and, you know, they might not be in any pain. And then you think, "Oh my God, how am I gonna sell them if I can't..." Like, don't... This is important to understand, but the rule is not gonna apply to every single prospect you speak. Most of the time, it's gonna work a charm, but other times, you have to come up and be a bit more creative. And understand, people don't buy their way into products. They buy their way out of painful situations. This is such an important thing to understand. Someone... You're not buying into something, you're buying your way out of something, okay? You're not buying your way into a gym membership, you're buying your way out of being fat. You're not... Your, your prospects aren't buying into your marketing retainer or your marketing services. They're buying their way out of having no leads, which is a painful situation, okay? So when you, when you think about this, you don't, you don't buy into something, you buy out of something. And that's why most of our decisions are made, is to get out of our current situation. Human beings, we're very emotional creatures. And I don't think anyone is particularly happy with their current situation. We have this in-built, innate desire to always want more, and the awareness of the fact that we could have more drives us insane. And it's this awareness that drives the entire economic machine, and the reason that it exists is because it's how we evolve and grow. It's nature. We are technically nature, and nature's always optimizing for evolution. And if you haven't got the motivation to change or grow, then you're most likely not going to evolve. So everyone's in pain. Not everyone. Most people are fine. Sorry. Most people are in pain, some people are fine. But if you are a good salesperson, you can create pain inadvertently or using indirect questioning, and then you can make people feel pain, and then they'll want to buy their way out of it. Now, obviously, ethical use warning. You don't just want to go around finding every person you can and causing them mental pain purely for the sole purpose of in- of getting them to invest in your program, but when we talk about sales, a lot of people don't realize that they have these problems. And sometimes, you have to be a bit brutal and root out this shit that people have got. And then when you root it out with clever questioning, people realize the gravity of their situation, and they sit with the weight of their pain, and then they'll make a decision. And the m- the reason people buy is because they're in pain. So on a sales call, if you can't create pain, you won't... They won't buy from you. Like, this is the thing with people coaching on sales calls. I'm gonna talk a lot about this at length in the next video. But don't coach on your calls, because if you coach people, or if you tell them not to worry, or if you say, "Ah, don't worry about that, y- we're gonna solve this, you know, don't stress," then the people you're talking to don't feel pain anymore, and therefore they won't buy your product, even if you've already helped them or quote unquote added value. So that's the whole thing about pain. It is so important to understand. And you might wanna rewatch this a few times, because once this... (fingers snap) Once it clicks like that, you'll just, you'll just see the, the matrix. You'll just understand why everyone makes their decisions. You can look at people and be like, "I can see why you did that. Well, that looks very clear to me. Ah, yeah, I can see exactly why you've done that." And it will also b- it will also help you understand people's future decisions as well. You can predict what moves people are gonna make based on where their pain is and, and what the issue is. But let's carry on. So let's explore how this works and understand the science of sales. So now, we understand that the founding principle of decision-making is pain, right? And that's the primary motivation for people doing anything. But at the same time, I want to break down what I call, or what is called, the science of sales, because I've done a lot of homework on this and I've done a lot of sales calls, and really, we can deduce the whole sales process and the whole paradigm of sales down to one pretty simple diagram, as is the case with most complicated things. Um, you can just... You know, it takes a, it takes a genius to take something complicated and make it simple. Not that I'm a genius by any stretch of the imagination, but what I'm saying here is it's entirely possible to just break this stuff down. So here's where we start. So you have a prospect, and when this prospect is going about their daily life, we would say they are, like, who they are. They're in their current situation. We would say, you know, that's where they're currently at. So this little diamond or square you can see on the screen is where someone is currently at. It's their current situation, it's their current mode of living, it's their current...... level of reality, if you'd like. And it's just where they are, whether it... Ta- take prospects, for example. If you're working with realtors, it could be a realtor making $8,000 per month with no leads, and that's where he's at. And the chances are most people get stuck in their ways, most people get stuck, and most people plateau for a long period of time. So where someone is currently at is probably where they've been for quite a long time. And a lot of people, they don't really bring any conscious awareness to where they're currently at, they just sort of accept life as it is and they just think, "Oh, this is where I'm at, this is me. Change is impossible. It's been this way forever and I've just come to terms with it." So that's how this whole thing starts. This whole sales process of A to B, of getting people o- on the call is we have to understand that first of all, people are in their current situations. And what we do next is we have our message, right? We're calling this the stimulus. So we're reaching out to people, and this can be through paid ads, it can be through organic attraction, but we reach out to people who are in their own current situations, everybody has a current situation, and we message them and we present our offer. Okay? This could be, "I can help you get more clients. I can help you get more sales. I can ho- help you open up another practice. I can help you buy another boat." Whatever it is your prospects are motivated by. And what starts to happen here is we stimulate the prospect with our message. We, we create a reaction in their mind, and then they become aware of a problem or of an opportunity. And this creates agitation in their mind. And what I mean by this is they're in their current situation, we send them a message basically saying, "Hey, I can get you out of this current situation. I know where you're at, and it, you might be all right with it, but it sucks and I can help you out and I can get you out of it," which is basically what we're saying. And when we do this, the prospect becomes aware of their problem. Or, on the flip side, they become aware of an opportunity. Everyone wants to grow, everyone has problems to solve, and if we can have a message that stimulates a reaction in the prospect's mind to realize this, then it's gonna create some agitation. Because most people, they don't want to think about their problems, they don't wanna give any thought to their current situation, and they don't want to spend any time thinking about it. The reason behind that is because it's painful and the brain is very, very good at concealing things that make us feel pain. So most people don't think about it, but then suddenly they see a message from you and they're like, "Oh, you know what? I could do with that. My life would be better if I had more clients, or if I had more leads, or if I bought another boat." And it creates this agitation, it creates this sort of latent frustration in the prospect's mind, and they start to think, "Oh, well, I've, I've got this problem, maybe this person could actually improve my life." And this awareness is, it's basically the... They become aware of the fact that things could be better and that they could be where they would want to be. So if you tell them you can do something, then they start to think about what would happen if you actually did that for them. "Oh, this guy can get me 30 new appointments per month? Well, that could be an extra two clients a month for me. That'd be an extra 100 clients a year. That's a lot of clients. That'll be cool." They start painting this picture in their mind, this is what happens. And we have this blue square on the screen, because if you remember, the red square is where they're currently at, and this blue square represents a potential idea of the future. Now, this, this sort of idea of the future, at this point, having just messaged them or having just thought about it on their end, it's not very... it's not very in-depth. They haven't... It's not very clear, it's not very concise. There's no data points behind it, it's, it... there's no clarity to it, but it's just this awareness that, "Hey, actually, I could improve on my current situation. I'm not quite sure what that would look like, but I know that I could actually improve." Or maybe they already have a goal in mind of getting to a certain level and your message stimulates them being reminded about that goal, and then they start thinking about it and it agitates them. And this blue square represents an awareness that they could improve and that things could be better. Now, at present, like I said, they don't really know what could improve or how it could improve, but this awareness quickly transforms into agita- agitation and creates pain. So s- most of the time, just by messaging people, we can create a little bit of pain. And you've got to remember that someone booking a call with you is a decision. They've made a decision. Why do people make decisions? Well, it's because they're in a painful situation, so they book a call to get out of their current situation. I think a lot of people, a lot of salespeople misunderstand this. If someone has booked a call with you, it's because they have a genuine problem that they have a hunch that you could solve. There is no other reason someone is gonna spend 45 minutes or 60 minutes on the phone with you unless they think that you can help them out. So just by someone booking a call with you pre-qualifies them pretty damn heavily, don't you think? I mean, tha- that's... makes a lot of sense to me. No one else is gonna book a call unless someone's just trying to prank you, but that's what happens. So we create this agitation by sending them a, a well-crafted, clever message and we start to see these two s- like, l- these two different minds. It's kind of like the prospect's got their current situation and then they've got like a little angel sat on their shoulder saying, "Oh, you know, things could be a little bit better. Why don't we talk to this guy and see what he has to say?" And then they start to sort of dream about it. They're like, "Oh, this would be cool." So, what we have is the prospect in an agitated state and a state of heightened awareness as to what could be possible for them And then we have you and the call. So what we want to do now is take the prospect through the call. And when the prospect gets on the call and when they book the call, well, they're still gonna be in this state of agitation and awareness, and also probably curiosity as well. You know, it's, it's our job as salespeople to get them out of this agitated state and to just sort of get them in the frame of mind where they can clearly make a clear-cut decision onto, on h- on working with us. And it's quite straightforward. So let's explore the purpose of the call. So before the call, like I said, the prospect is in two minds. They've got their current situation and then they've got this, this cloudy, gray desired situation that they haven't really thought too much about, but they have this, this weird sense of awareness that things could be better. And then we book a call with them and, you know, within one to two to three to four days or whatever, we hop on the call with them and, well, we start talking to them. And here's what we do on the call. During the call, what we first of all do is w- we start to separate these two things as the call starts. We first of all acknowledge, like we say hi, rapport, everything, and we start to sort of just build a bit of separation between where they're currently at and where they want to be. And as we move fr

... all here, one of the first things that we do in the call is we define where they're currently at. So, we know here, if we go all the way back through these slides, we know where, like, we know that everyone is currently somewhere, like their current situation. Like, we know where someone's currently at. But we have to ask them, first of all, and we have to clearly define it. We have to get really specific. We have to get data points, we have to get metrics, and we really have to take some time to actually understand where the prospect is. And by doing this, what we're able to do is get them to define it, and get them to understand it. Because most business owners, or most people going about their day-to-day lives, they- they're kind of unaware to the fact that their situation and their reality can be improved. And before you can understand whether or not you can improve something, you have to sort of understand where you're at and figure out where you currently are. So, the first section of the call is to define where they're at, and to get very, very clear on their current situation. And usually, just by doing this, it will create a lot of pain, because people will start to realize that their current situation isn't all that good, and that there's a lot of outstanding, big, ugly problems that are sort of hanging around in their life. And it's these problems, and these problems, and this pain that dredges up the emotion that causes them to buy from us. So, as we progress through here, once we've defined where they're at, what we want to do is we want to start separating where they're at from where they want to be. So, if you remember here, we, we have this sort of agitation and awareness, and they know they want to be somewhere else, but they don't really know where they want to be. So, what we want to do as we move through the call is not only define where they're at, but then also separate where they're at from where they want to be. So, as we move forward through the call, we're starting to sort of separate these two things, like where they're at and where they could be. And what we do here is we define where they're at, and at this point, we have a clear understanding of where they're at. And by the end of the call, or towards the end, we should then have a clear understanding of where they want to be. So, this is the purpose of the call, to begin with, is really just to define their current situation and where they're at, get a clear understanding of where they're at, and then also get a clear understanding of where they want to be, and separate those two points in their mind. Now, just by defining these two things, what you do here is you create this gap in the middle. Because what you'll notice here is we now have two clearly defined situations, okay, on the call. We've got their current situation, and then we've got their desired situation. We've got where they're at, and we've got where they want to be. And most people don't give much thought to this. Some people do, but most don't. And now what starts to happen on the call is we become aware of this elephant in the room. Because what you'll notice is that there's a big gap, a big lot of white, between these two points, okay, this arrow, for example. It's a long old arrow. And the prospect starts to realize that this gap exists, and they start to notice that where they currently are is far away from where they currently want to be. And just by creating this separation, and clearly defining it, we're gonna create some serious agony in their minds, because they're gonna start to think, "Oh my God, like, this is actually what's possible? Like, I've never defined it before. I know I'm here. This kind of sucks. And I know where I can be." And then it's kind of chaotic, because, well, there's a big gap. How do we, (laughs) you know, traverse this? Like, how do we get through this thing? And that's where you come in. So, at this point, we know where they are, and we know where they want to be. And what we do here is we have to define very clear metrics for both of these points. So, for where they are, we need to say, "How much money is your business making per month right now?" And they'll be like, "$10,000 per month." And then, as we progress through the call, later on, we want to ask them, "Okay. How much money do you want to be making per month with this business?" And they'll say, "I want to be making $30,000 per month." And we'll say, "Well, when do you want to be making $30,000 by?" And they'll say, "Oh, six months from now." And just by doing that, we've now created separation between current and desired. And obviously, there's a gap between 10K a month and 30K a month, and it just creates this, this frustration in the prospect's mind that they're not there. And as you can notice, there is a clear gap between these two points. And this gap is the key to making the sale happen. The reason anyone ever buys anything is because they think it's gonna help them bridge a gap in their life. Okay? So, let's take, for example, why you buy a sandwich. Might sound a bit elementary. But if you buy a sandwich, it's because your current situation is that you're hungry, and your desired situation is just to not be hungry anymore. Being hungry is causing you pain. So, you buy a sandwich to bridge this gap from not being hungry, or sorry, from being hungry to not being hungry. It's the only reason you buy the sandwich. Maybe it tastes good as well. That's obviously an added bonus. Now, there's a lot of different sandwich choices out there, but generally speaking, like, the core principle, as I said, the founding principle of, of actually making a purchasing decision revolves entirely around bridging gaps like these ones. Okay? Like, I've got, I'm sat next, for example, I pick up these headphones. Okay? I've got these Beats headphones on my desk. Now, I purchased these headphones because my current situation was that my headphones before them broke, and I couldn't listen to music.And I quite like listening to music, so that was causing me some pain. My desired situation was to listen to music through good quality headphones, so I purchased my headphones to bridge that gap. This is the only reason we buy anything. Now on the agency space, to be more specific to this training program, you have businesses and they are where they currently are. They're probably stalled at a specific part, and the reason they're stalled there is because of customer acquisition, and they want to be in a place where they're making more money, they have more customers, and they have a system that's reliable for acquisition. And, th- there's a gap obviously. Those two things are quite different, and the only reason they'll invest in your services is if they believe that you can bridge that gap for them, and if you can take them from being in this current frustrated situation with no customers to a situation where they've got more customers than they can actually handle. That's the only reason they're gonna buy from you. They're not buying from you because you use look-alike audiences. They're not buying from you because you have the latest SEO keywords. They're not buying from you because, you know, you've, you've got all of this fancy stuff or you've got a fancy website. They are buying from you because of this core underpinning principle that basically governs every single decision we make as human beings. So I hope this is starting to make sense. And once we've clearly defined where they are and where they want to be during the call, we then proceed to position our service as the bridge the prospect can use to cross this gap to get to their desired side. This is the key. This is the secret to sales. You clearly define where they are, you clearly define where they want to be, and then all you do is you position your service as the bridge that the prospect can use to get to the side they want, and you just have to do that well, with enough confidence, and before you know it, you've got more clients than you can even need. This is how it works, okay? The key to making a sale happen is to separate these two things, to show the prospect these two things are real and they exist, and then just to tell the prospect that you can get them there. And all they have to do is say yes. That's it. It really isn't complicated. So imagine here, imagine being stuck on a tall rock, okay? On a mountain somewhere, you're stuck on a rock, and you hate every minute of it, and it's a painful, uncomfortable place to live, okay? You're on this mountain, there's no water, there's no food. You keep getting pecked at by eagles or something, I don't know, but basically, you hate your life. You don't enjoy your existence. You- you're just having a bad time. You've been there for a long time, it's miserable, and you're upset about it. And one mile into the distance is your dream rock or mountain. You know, it's a, it's a mountain with loads of food and water, a house with a bed, it has good views. You don't get pecked at by eagles, right? Whatever. And you can see this rock every day you wake up and you, you sort of dream about it, and, you know, you, you sort of just wish that it was existing and you wish you were there, and, and all these thoughts And then obviously, all those thoughts start to create serious pain because you realize that you're not there, and then it makes your current situation feel even worse because the only way we can understand our current s- the gravity of our current situation is by having the contrast of where we could be. So, you end up coming back every day to your rock and thinking, "Oh, I hate my life because I wish I was somewhere else." We don't go back and look at the rock behind us and think, "Thank God I'm not on that rock. That would be even worse." Maybe there's a rock behind you that has all sorts of horrible stuff on it. But you don't, you don't look back at that and think, "Oh, thank God I'm not there." No, you look into the future, and that's how we make decisions. So imagine this for a second. You're on this rock. Into the distance, you see another rock which is more preferable, and every day you think about it, and every day you're in this painful situation. Now, it's obvious you can't get there on your own. You can't get to this other rock without help. You know, you just see it, you wake up every morning, it's a mile in the distance, but between you and that rock is a 1,000-foot drop or something, and it would, it would just finish you off if you tried to get there. Now imagine this. One day, someone comes along, they climb up your rock, and they say, "I see how much you hate where you're currently at. How about I build you a bridge so you can live on your dream rock?" And someone comes along with, with rope and with wood and everything that they could need, and helicopters and all that shit to build a bridge, and they come along and they just... They'll, they'll say, "Hey, well listen, I can see you hate where you're currently at. Let me build you a bridge to get to that dream rock." "Uh, uh, yeah, let's do it." "Awesome. What do you think?" Now, you would pay any amount of money to that person to bridge this gap for you, because then you can use this bridge to get to your other side, and you're buying a bridge Now, I've tried to make this metaphor as clear as possible, but when we look back at this stuff here, when we have these, these two situations, it's like you're just... you're selling a bridge so that someone can walk across that bridge to the other side and, um, and bridge this gap. And you would pay any amount of money to that person. Even if you had no money at the moment, you'd, you'd do everything you could to find it. Because if that person could genuinely do that and actually deliver for you and you believe them and they were really confident they could do it, then why wouldn't you do it? You know? You, you're in this painful situation. What else would your miserable life be worth paying for, you know? And selling paid traffic or marketing services to a business owner is no different, okay? The same principle applies. The same understanding, the same framework is, um, is in place here. If you can bridge the gap between where they are and where they want to be, then you will never go hungry... you will be very successful and people will start writing cool things about you in big magazines, like Forbes or Time or something. And here's the diagram, right? We have where they are and where they want to be, and then we have this big golden bridge in the middle, which is your offer and your service. It's as simple as that. And when you think about service delivery, and when you think about building out a product for your agency, just build it out with this thing in mind. Like, just ask yourself, "Does this product get my prospect or my client from where they are to where they want to be, in the shortest amount of time possible, with the smallest amount of work possible on my end, with the best result for the client?" If it does, awesome. If it doesn't, go back to the drawing board and come up with one that does. This is it. This is all you need in, in business, is an offer and a service that just does this for people. And if you can just do this, then getting to seven figures will be easier than saying, like, I don't know, easier than saying "pie," if that's even a phrase. But seriously, like, uh, jokes aside, this stuff is so powerful once you understand it. And this truly is the founding principle of sales. It's just establishing that there is a gap between where the prospect is and where they want to be, and then positioning your service as the bridge they can use to traverse the gap. And if you remember one thing from the sales training, just make sure it's this, right? Just look, take a long hard look at this graph, or this diagram, sorry. And if you take one thing away, or if you remember one slide from this entire module or training program, just remember this slide, okay? Because it's gonna tell you a lot of stuff about business. So, so powerful. So, masterful salesmen, or women, masterful salespeople create separation. And this is really powerful to understand, because this whole process, all the way back through here, it revolves around this slide, of just creating the separation between where they are and where they want to be. Because the prospect won't know where they want to be, they won't know there's a gap to even traverse in the first place if you don't clearly separate these two points. So, it's just absolutely imperative you do this. And like I said, masterful salespeople create separation. The best and most effective salespeople on this planet are those who focus on clearly defining where their prospect currently is, then where their prospect wants to be. After doing this and having created clearly separation, or sorry, after having clearly separated these two situations, they then simply position themselves and their product as the bridge that the prospect can use to cross this gap and achieve their dreams. And in simple terms, masterful salespeople don't sell products or services, they sell futures. Your, your service becomes a vehicle for someone to achieve their greatest dreams and desires with their business. That's all there is to it. You're selling the future. You're not selling Facebook ads, you're not selling Instagram ads, you're not selling search engine optimization or any of that stuff, even though that is technically, in technical terms what you're selling. But we're not in technical terms here. We're talking about people's dreams, we're talking about people's deepest desires, we're talking about pain avoidance, and really, people are just buying a better future. That's all they're buying from you. That's the only thing they purchase ever. You think you're buying a sandwich? No, you're buying a vehicle that satisfies your hunger. And people, like, the paradigm for, for civilians, you know, by civilians I just mean people that aren't in business or don't understand this stuff, when someone's like, "Oh, yeah, I'm buying, um," it's like, "I'm, I'm buying a new mattress today," it's like, "No, you're not buying a new mattress. You're buying a better night's sleep." You know, I could go on and talk about ev- any product under the sun. It's, it's just, like, you could just look at this with anything. Now, yes, there will be some strange product out there that might just be the specific thing, maybe someone's dropshipping, I don't know, some random thing for, like, £3 and it just is an impulse buy. Like, not every single product in the world is gonna be, is gonna apply to this, but one thing that it does is marketing agencies and marketing agency paid traffic services, websites, retainers. People are buying those things because they're buying the solution they provide, you know? They're buying the future that they want. And masterful salespeople sell the ends, not the means. So if you've ever heard the phrase, "It's just a means to an end," well, what that means is that it's like if I was to say, "Paid traffic is just a means to an end," like, the end would be more clients. So, the means is the Facebook ads, the end is the more clients. Now, people, like, your clients are not buying your Facebook ad services, they are buying more clients from you. The way you deliver it is obviously a bit different, but that's what you need to make sure you understand. It's absolutely imperative to your success that you understand this, because as soon as you start talking about funnels and ads and lookalike audiences and pay-per-click and all this crap in your sales call, is the second that the prospect is no longer focused on getting the outcome they want. And as soon as that happens, you've lost them, because they start to just lose their attention. Like, they're not, they don't care about any of that, they just wor- they just worry that you can do it. I had this conversation with Bo the other day, but we ha- we talked about this in depth. And, um, and I, I said to him, I was like, "If I had to go, if I had to have, like, brain surgery or something, like, I wouldn't really be too concerned about the length of the scalpel that the brain surgeon is using or specifically how long I'm gonna be unconscious for. I wouldn't be worried about th- the brand of chair that I'm sat on whilst in the surgeon's room. I wouldn't really worry about the brand of hairnet or the type of hairnet the, the doctors are using." Like, that's the same thing, like, if, if you go to a hospital and they're like, "Yep, we need to give you brain surgery. This is how much it's gonna cost and this is the implication of it," I'm like, "Is it gonna fix my brain problem?" "Yes, it will." "Awesome, then let's do it." I'm not gonna sit there and start to, you know, expect them to tell me about hairnets and scalpel lengths. It's the same thing that applies when selling marketing agency retainers and, and obviously, like, prospects will ask questions about that stuff, but only when someone asks do we tell them. Not before. They should want, if they want details around specific methodologies, then we should tell them, but up until that point, there's no need for them to know. All they need to know is that you can get them the result they want. Sometimes prospects will want a bit more information, but up until that point, you must just sell the ends. So, masterful salesmen, masterful saleswomen, they sell the desired situation. They sell the emotions that come with this desired si- situation, and they sell the feeling of achieving a goal and no longer being in pain. And that's how it works. So, now let's talk about common misconceptions and myth-busting, because really, your reality and the way you experience the world in general is the result of your beliefs. And if you don't think sales is easy, and if you believe sales is hard, well then you're gonna live in a reality where sales is hard. But if you believe that sales is easy, then your reality will be that sales is easy. Think about it for a second, there's loads of salespeople out there that have-

... multi-six and seven-figure incomes. And there's loads of salespeople out there that don't have any income at all. What's the one thing that separates them? It's not the script they're using, I can tell you that. It's their beliefs around sales. And what I don't want to do here is equip you with a script and objection handling rebuttals and training around that when you've got these beliefs or these common misconceptions about sales. I want to tell you now, sales is easy. Sales is the easiest thing you're ever gonna do in your life. You can generate millions of dollars per year using the stuff we teach in this program. It's possible. It's easy. It's, it's entirely possible. Most of, most of success, to begin with, is just recognizing possibility and just actually coming to terms with the fact that this stuff can happen. And it's really just making a decision to actually do it, and then it's doing it. So, if you're coming into this training with your cheat- with your teeth chattering, anxious, nervous, and petrified about sales, I want you to understand this: sales is fucking easy. Now, that's easy for me to say, because I've done a lot of sales calls. But if you believe sales is easy, then over the course of a few months and enough calls, sales will become very easy for you. And the only reason you tried and gave it a good go is because you had someone who told you that it was very easy to begin with. And I'm telling you that now, because if you come in thinking it's hard, then all you're gonna do is start to look for evidence that sales is hard. It's called the confirmation bias. And that thing will just ... The feedback loops that revolve around that thing will just decimate any hope you have of making any money here. So, drop all of those beliefs at the door and let's dive into some common misconceptions. So, like I said, chances are you may have a few faulty beliefs about sales. And if you have these beliefs and try to sell with them, well, you'll experience nothing but havoc and pain. So let's bust them now. So here's a few, and I got some more on the next slide. So the first misconception is that people think that great salespeople are just born with it. They think it's some sort of innate talent, where you're just sort of, you're born into this world and you were just designed by God or whatever to be an awesome salesperson. Well, I can tell you now that this is false. Great salespeople are great salespeople because they've just done a lot of sales, or a lot of sales calls. This, there's, there's loads of books you can read on this, the book Balanced. There's a book called The Talent Myth, for example, around all sorts of stuff. But, like, good salespeople aren't ... You're not just born. You don't just come out the womb, start, like, closing deals. Like, it's not, it's not the way it works. Like, you have to nurture yourself. And if you have, if you look at a good salesperson, generally the only reason they're good is because they've done enough sales calls to be good. It's not because of some innate talent or in- inborn desire. It's just because they've done lots of them. Now, is it gonna be the case that some people find sales easier than others? Yes. Is it also gonna be the case that just by having this program you find sales easier than others? Yes. Are there personality traits that make sales a bit easier? Yes. Does that matter? No. Because I promise you that practice will overweigh and override any personality trait that you think you have. Really. That honestly is the case. And that's my next point, is you have to have the right personality to be good at sales. And this is false, because by nature, I'm an introvert, and I run rings around extroverted salespeople. Like, if you, if I look at my Myers-Briggs stuff and all that, all those psychology tests, I'm introverted as hell. Like, really. Like, I don't ... I, I, if I can have the choice of not going out or going to a party or talking to people, like, I'd rather just not do it. Now, I quickly came to terms with the fact that that's not how I can behave if I want to have a successful business, so I sacrificed my introverted tendencies to, to sell and to do stuff like that. And even if you are introverted and if you want to be introverted, you can still sell really fucking well. You do not need to be this high-energy extrovert, talking people's heads off, being all massively confident. Honestly, like, you don't need to have ... There's no, there's no such thing as the right personality, right? No matter what Myers-Briggs says, you, you can, you can ... I've seen so many different types of people become really good at sales irrespective of the, the tendencies they had when they were born or the way they were nurtured by their parents. It's just, it's just an excuse, really. Like, if you, if you just say, if you're just saying, "Oh, I haven't got the right personality for sales," then really that's just your brain's way of protecting you from feeling pain, and it's just sort of a synonym for you just saying, "Sales is painful. It's gonna be difficult. I don't wanna do it." It's really just a pain-avoiding mechanism. It's an excuse. So let's not have that. The next one is that great salespeople are powerful and have high energy. And this is false, because it's better to sell calmly with silence, grace, and sophistication. My sales calls are conducted in a very pragmatic and professional way. I'm not talking over people. I'm not in anyone's face. I'm not sort of, like, shouting or, you know, trying to create, hype up anything. I'm just calm, collected, and most of my, most of the time on sales calls, I'm just deadly silent. I just let the other person do all the talking and wait for them to slip up, and then when they slip up ... When I say slip up, I don't mean make a mistake. I mean, like, I'm just waiting for people to give me the information and the leverage that I need to close them. And that, that might sound like a bit of a Machiavellian way to sell, but it's not, and I'm gonna explain why it's not, um, in th- in another mo- in another section of this video, um, which is called the, the, um, obliga- moral obligation. Um, but really, like, you don't need to, to be this. I think a lot of this, this belief about salespeople being these high-energy cocaine addicts, you know, is because of Wolf of Wall Street and films like that-And they think that sales is all about, you know, cramming stuff down people's throats and just shouting at them until they buy from you, and being disrespectful and, and sleazy. It truly isn't the case at all. It's better to conduct yourself in this calm, professional manner. I mean, look at this video for example. Like, I hope I've done a good job on selling you why sales is important. I haven't had to shout at you and scream at you. I've spoken relatively slowly, I've been quite (laughs) calm the whole way through. It's, it's not as necessary. You don't need to be all, like, in someone's face. Is there a time and a place for it? Sometimes, but 90% of the time, not gonna happen. The next one is that follow-up is the key to making sales happen. False. Follow-up is for people who can't close. This is an interesting one, because the theme of a lot of our content has been around, um, follow-up, around the organic attraction modules and paid attraction. Follow-up is important by getting people on the phone, but really, once someone's on the phone, you just wanna get them closed in one call. You don't wanna have to keep going back and forth with them. Like, if you, if you have to keep following up on people, it's just because you haven't been ruthless enough to close them, or to at least expect a binary decision from them. So follow-up is, is really just for people who can't close on that first call. Now, this, this really more, this mostly applies to paid attraction, um, and using agency funnels and the fu- the module, the modules we've got for paid attraction, like Facebook and stuff, because you don't want, you don't want people to be wandering off of those calls. Like, you just wanna get them closed in one go. With organic, it's slightly different. You might find that your sales process is broken into two different calls. You might find that someone's, like, only got five minutes to talk to you. So organic is a bit more of a gray area. But generally speaking, like, you just don't wanna have to constantly follow up on people, 'cause it's, it's just a waste of time. You know, if you've gotta follow up on someone, chances are they're never gonna buy from you. Now, that's not always gonna be the case, like I said, with organic attraction methods. It's important that you understand that not everyone's gonna be in a position to buy there, that you might need to talk to people, there might... There's all sorts of stuff that goes on. But you wanna do your best to get them closed on the call. But you can still expect to, you know, have to have one or two conversations with people before they purchase from you organically. But paid-wise, you should just be getting that stuff done. Like, if you're getting someone through a funnel, if they've watched a quick video about your service, if they've seen some testimonials and some social proof, and you've paid for that to happen and you've got their application, then it should just be a cutthroat approach. Organic, different slightly, but nonetheless, we want to do as little follow-up as humanly possible. Okay? Drill that into your mind. The next one is that sales is a lengthy process. Okay, people think that sales, like, you know, they talk about this all the time, where it's like, "Oh, my sales cycle is, like, two weeks." I'm like, "What? You're taking two weeks to get someone as a client?" Like, it's a false belief. Like, it's entirely possible to close people on one 45-minute phone call if you do it properly. Now, if you don't do it properly, you're gonna be in this maybe zone forever, and you'll be in this limbo between someone buying from you, from them not. They probably won't ever buy from you. And you know, if you've got this weird belief in your mind that you need to send out all sorts of proposals, and you need to do all sorts of, like, back and forth with people, then it's not true. I can promise you that. I've done hundreds of one-call closes, and the clients you get from one-call closes are 10 times better than those who take three or four calls to buy. The next one is that business owners don't like being sold to. People think they're afraid to sort of sell to business owners because they think, "Oh, he's a business owner. He's gonna know what I'm doing," or, "He's know- he knows why I'm asking this question," or, "I'm scared of, of trying to pitch this guy or being powerful because they know what I'm doing." Well, this is false, because business owners admire great salespeople and they have no, no qualms giving them large sums of money to fix their problems. This is honestly the case. Like, if someone's trying to sell to me and they're good at what they do and they're using awesome sales techniques, I'm not sat here analyzing it. Usually, most of the time, they've, they've cau- completely caught me off guard and... But just because I'm aware of, of the strategies doesn't mean I recognize them being used against me. (laughs) You know, it's, it's very, very seldom does that happen. So don't think that, you know, don't think that these business owners are gonna be judging you or picking apart your sales process or the techniques, because they're really not gonna be paying any attention to that. They're gonna be so fixated on the problem they've got that they don't really care about that. The next one is that sales is about adding value. Okay, this is false. Now, we want our prospects to realize we are experts, but we don't want to solve their problems on the call. I see this all the time, where people are like, "Oh, yeah, I checked out your ads and it looks to me like you could do with running Instagram placements," or, "You're targeting the wrong country," or, "Hi, by the way, I checked out your website. I didn't, I saw you didn't have a pixel on there." And they think that by saying these things, that they're adding value to the prospect, when in reality, it just completely skews the sales call, because now the call is no longer about you helping them get the result they want and them realizing you can do that. It's now about a damn Facebook pixel, which is entirely irrelevant to the whole situation. Now, it's relevant to you delivering results for them, but you shouldn't single shit like that out. It's just not relevant or necessary to getting the call to close. You know, we want them to realize that we know what we're talking about, but we don't want to solve their problems, because on the call, we're gonna start to bring problems to the prospect's awareness. And if we solve those problems, then the prospect no longer has any problems to solve and they won't purchase from us. So forget this whole thing about adding value. Uh, I don't know where it's come from, I really don't, but it doesn't work, and you know, it will do you more harm than good.The next one is that you should close as many people as possible. So we have this, this saying in sales, "A-B-C, always be closing." I don't like that saying. I think it's false because we should only seek to close those we can actually help. So, if you get on a call with someone and it's apparent that you can't help them, or that they are not a good fit for your service, then you shouldn't seek to get them on board. Because if you close someone and you actually can't help them, then all you're gonna do is massively piss them off and, if it's a big enough retainer, then it'll create some big problems. You'll have chargebacks, you'll have refunds, you'll have all sorts of shit. So, you wanna sell with integrity. Forget that you should just d- y- every time you do a c- I see this all the time, where people get on calls and they're like, "I'm gonna close this guy. This, this call, I'm gonna close it." I'm like, "You shouldn't be thinking like that," because it, it could be the fact that they could be a nightmare of a client. Like, do you really want that? D- you can say you're gonna close someone before, you know ... It's, it's kind of like ... What could I liken that to? I'm usually quite quick with metaphors here. But it's, it's like you're saying, like, "I'm gonna ..." It's like going to a restaurant, right? (laughs) You're like, "Yeah, we're gonna sit down at table 40" before you got to the restaurant. Now, there might be somebody else sat at table 40, so you can't sit at table 40. So you can't say for sure that you're gonna sit at table 40. And it's the same thing with closing people, that you can't be this adamant about it. If you put all of your attention onto the close, then it will, A, it will be e- extremely obvious to the prospect that you're just there to get money out of them and that you're not there to really help them, and B, well, if you can't help them and you try and help them, it probably won't close anyway. So, once we find someone that we can help, then we should be ruthless in our pursuit of the close. So, I'm not saying don't close. Like, close, but only close people that you actually can help. And once you find someone you can truly help, you should be just ruthless in the pursuit of getting them on board. Okay? The number one, um, the last, sorry, the last one is that sales is only f- confident men in suits. Now, this is false because I've seen wildly successful female salespeople. I've seen introverts, I've seen anxious people, I've seen shy people. I've even seen teenagers close high-ticket deals. I've seen 15, 16, 17-year-old kids close high-ticket deals for thousands of dollars a month. I've seen people with chronic anxiety close deals. I've seen people who are introverted close deals. I've seen shy people close deals. You don't need to be a confident man with a gray print pin-striped suit that like you're straight out of the '80s. Don't need it. And I've closed loads of clients wearing a dressing gown and slippers while laying on a beanbag. Honestly, I'm not even joking. Like, the amount of sales calls that I've done where I've got this big, like, red beanbag from IKEA, and sometimes I'll just, like, I'll just lie down on that. I'll put my headphones in, I'll have my script, and I'm just sat there in my dressing gown, just closing $6,000 deals for Northflow. Like, it's honestly, like, it's sort of, it's ... That's what I would do. Now, I'm not gonna recommend you specifically sell in a dressing gown. This is more of a point just to sort of demonstrate (laughs) that you don't need to wear a suit or anything like that. You know, most of the time I'm just wearing T-shirt and shorts. But, you know, I wanted to sort of demonstrate that. A bit tongue-in-cheek, but I don't know where everyone gets this idea from that you have to be this man in a suit when you can just be a teenager in a tracksuit, a tracksuit. (laughs) You can still close deals. Like, it's possible, honestly. So, now let's talk about your moral obligation in sales. Uh, this is really important, and I want you to pay close attention to this because what I'm gonna do here is, is help you justify the methods that we use. And I don't mean that in the respect that the methods we have require justification. Like, we're not, we're not scamming people here. Like, I'm not saying that at all. But what I am saying is that some of the methods that we use, we, we're gonna ask the prospect some difficult questions. We're gonna put the prospect in an uncomfortable situation. We're causing pain to help them realize that we can help them. And all of that stuff that we do is justified with the respect that we're actually gonna be helping the prospect. It's with their best interests in mind. I think a lot of people don't like to, to cause other people pain, which is understandable. But sometimes people need to feel pain to realize they need to improve, and people need to feel pain to be motivated to make decisions. So it's like, imagine if you had a personal trainer and your personal trainer was like, "Oh, yeah. Well, we're not gonna really do any tough exercises today because I don't wanna make you uncomfortable. I don't wanna make you feel any pain." You'd probably fire that personal trainer. The same thing is true with a consultant or a salesperson. Like, you should want them to, to put you in a situation where you're uncomfortable so that you actually realize what's possible for yourself and you're motivated to get yourself out of that situation. So just think about that. It's powerful. So, as a salesperson, you have a duty. And I mean this. I'm, I'm dead serious. That duty is to only help people you can truly help. So I said this i- a couple slides ago. You only want to help people you can actually help. If you talk to a business and you get the impression that you can't help them, then let the call go. You don't need to close every single call. You don't need to be this maniac that, whose entire life and mental wellbeing and sanity is tied to his sales conversion rate. You know? It, it doesn't ... Y- you want a high sales conversion rate, but not at the price of your integrity. Nothing should come above that. If you think you can't help someone or can't improve on their current situation, then don't tell them you can. So, for example, if you're on the phone with someone who's working with a marketing agency and that marketing agency is getting them better results than you think you could get for them, then don't try and close them. Because if you do and they take you on and they fire their current marketing agency, then you've actually lied to someone and you've made their situation worse. And you might think, "Yeah, but I've made, like, two grand in the process." It ... Dude, there's n- you, you've, you've just sold your integrity for $2,000. You've sold your reputation for $2,000. It's not worth it. (laughs) If you really wanna, if you want to sell people who are working with agencies at the moment, then just have a better service than the agency they're currently working with. But if you don't think you can help someone, then don't help them, because it will do them and you more bad than good. And if you do find someone you should help, or can help, then you should be ruthless in your pursuit of the close. And if you are genuinely convinced you can help someone achieve their dreams, do not give up on getting them on board. This is crazy because what starts to happen on calls is it becomes very apparent to you very quickly whether or not you can help someone. And if you know that you can help someone, and if you're genuinely convinced that you can actually improve the quality of their life and their situation and you can take responsibility for that and help them, then you should do everything you can to get them to realize that. And I've had it before where I've actually said to people, and I, I can, I, I can ... I've, we've done this. Like, I've used this in, in action. It's a sales sort of thing where I've said - and I came up with this myself, I don't know if it's used elsewhere - but I've said to people in an- in the objection handling phase, like, "Look, John, I'm in a position to improve the quality of your life and to-"

... help you achieve your goals and dreams. I know I can do it, and I know that the system and the processes that I have are capable of helping you get there. Now I'm aware that at this point in time, you may not fully believe me, but the confidence that I have in my ability to do that should be enough for you to make this decision to move forward with us. Because if I don't get you on board here, I'm not going to be able to sleep tonight, because I genuinely think I can help you. And for me to not tell you that, and for me to just give up, would be an awful thing to do, because I can help you." And when you say that, with, with just, unwavering sincerity, that person's gonna buy from you. Now obviously you have to position it properly in the first place. But my point here is that if it, if someone can clearly see that the reason you're on a call is to actually help them out, then it completely weakens their guard, and they're 10 times more likely to buy from you. This is interesting, okay? Let me explain. So sales is about helping people. Let go of any attachment you have to your conversion rates, your commissions, or your paychecks. Put all of your attention and attachment onto genuinely helping people, and all the good stuff will come naturally. So, good conversion rates, s- high commissions, and making money is all just a consequence of genuinely helping people. So if you want to get those things, then you should help people out. I've done this a lot with meditation recently. This is another example. Um, I've got some technology, that basically gives me live feedback on my meditation. So it sort of plays music, and the louder the music is, the worse it is, like, the meditation is. Um, but how it works is you focus on your breath, and when you focus on your breath for long enough, you start to hear these little birds chirping. And I started to, like, meditate for those birds, because they're a good sign that you're doing well. But the problem is that once you start focusing on the birds, you're no longer focusing on your breath, and the breath is, the focus on the breath is the thing that produces the birds. So by focusing on the, the outcome, or the consequence of focusing on my breath, which was focusing on the birds, I was no longer focusing on my breath, so I stopped producing birds, and then I got angry. And it's the same thing in this situation, and that might have been a weird analogy, I apologize if that doesn't make much sense, but it's the same thing in this situation. If you want to make money, then put all of your attention on adding value to people's lives, and the money will come. Money is a consequence of added value, and if you just, if you start a business purely with the intention of making yourself money, you won't do very well. But if you start a business, and if you conduct every single sales call with the intention of helping people and helping them make more money, then you in turn will make more money. It's the way the world works. But this, this, it's called hyper-intention in psychology. If you have hyper-intention on a consequence of doing something and you're not doing the thing that produces the consequence, then it's impossible to get it. Okay? It's just, it's just the way the world works. And if you're scared of doing sales calls, and if you're intimidated by them, then instead of approaching them as sales calls, just approach them as help calls, or something like that. Like, imagine that you're like a help line for business owners. Seriously, like, when I've, if I've got a sales call coming up and I'm like, "Oh, I don't wanna do this. I'm kind of nervous about it," I mean, that doesn't really happen anymore, but it used to, I would just remind myself that the sole intention and purpose of this phone call is to see if I can help someone improve the quality of their situation and their life. And then if I can, just telling them I can. That's all it is. And by, you know, by focusing on conversion rates and commissions and, and paychecks and money, it becomes apparent to the prospect, subconsciously most of the time, that you don't really want to help them, that you just want their money. So, (laughs) this is how this thing works, honestly. It's your moral obligation to focus on just helping them. And, and you'll find that just by helping them that you'll make loads of money, far more money than, than actually focusing on the money. It's, it's, it's kind of weird, like, the way this thing works. And your conversion rate is a byproduct of how much you care about the prospect. Let me repeat that. Your sales conversion rate is a byproduct of how much you care about your prospects, because the more you care about your prospects, the more likely they are to buy from you. Therefore, your conversion rate is improved. It's not a byproduct of how well you convert clients, although it is, technically. The way, the how well you convert clients is dependent upon how willing you are to help them and how much you care about them. And you should derive all of your sales satisfaction from your ability to help people out and taking responsibility for their situation. If you can do this with genuine sincerity, and if you can let go of your attachment to money and commissions and paychecks and just put all of your attachment onto actually helping people improve the quality of their lives, and you can do that with genuine sincerity and you can actually mean it, you will never lose, and you will make more money than anyone in your niche to ever exist. And it's a difficult thing to do, because all humans and all creatures on this planet are driven by self-interest. But as soon as you realize that what is within your best interest is basically in other peoples', then you're gonna do quite well. It's interesting to observe. And you want to keep this in check, okay? Just because you can help someone doesn't give you an excuse to, to lay off on us. You must remain ruthless. You must charge a solid price, and you shouldn't waver on your offer or start making exceptions. Okay? So if you talk to someone and you can help them but they haven't got the money for you to help them, then you can't help them, right? Because they can't afford your help, which means you can't help them. We are selling for the fit, so if the prospect needs our help but doesn't fit our offer or model of doing so, they'll have to find someone else. An example of this with Imperium is people who want done-for-you solutions. We obviously deliver results using a program, and if someone is adamant that they just want someone to do the work for them, then... we can't help them. Like, we can help them in the respect that they can do this program and get awesome results, but we can't help them if they're not willing to do the program. So, they have to h- be willing to help themselves, if that makes sense. And the last thing I want anyone to do here is just think that you have to go around offering massive discounts or doing shit for free. Like, no, we are businesspeople, and we still need to, you know, keep some intention on, on money and, and bottom line. You know, you can't just ... Otherwise, you might as well start a charity, right? (laughs) You know? You ... there's, there's, there's all sorts of extremes you can take this stuff to. Like, I talk about helping people, but at the same time, you need to be business-savvy, okay? It's the 80/20 principle. You can't forget charging money and having a bottom line, because otherwise, you won't be successful in business, and you won't be able to help more people. So by charging m- a good amount of money, you can actually grow your business and scale and help more and more and more people. So, charging money actually is a good thing, and also, if you charge ... if you don't charge money for something, people are less likely to take it seriously. They won't be as committed to their decision, so it actually is, believe it or not, within the prospect's best interest for them to pay you for your services. So, keep this in check. Don't go to one end- don't go to one extreme. Don't go from putting all of your attention on money and then on helping people, and then go all the way to the other end where you're just helping people and basically running a charity. Right? You wanna be somewhere around, like, the middle. You, you wanna have a huge emphasis on helping people, but you also want to still care about making money, because otherwise, well, there's not much point. And this is the other thing. Diagnose before the close. This is another moral obligation you have. When entering a sales call, forget all about the close. Now, this might sound counterintuitive, like, "Why the hell would I forget about the close if it's the end result?" But if you put all of your attention onto the close, it's ... once again, it's hyper-intention. Like, it just won't happen. Like, if you put so much intention onto one specific thing, and you try so hard to get it, then it's not gonna work. Don't think about the close until later. Your first mission for the first part of the call is just to clearly diagnose the prospect to see if you can help them. Never, ever forget this, okay? It actually makes sales calls so much easier, as the prospect will forget that you're selling to them, and they will realize that you genuinely have their best interests at heart. And I've highlighted this in, in bold, because really, the, the secret to having people open up to you and the secret to positioning yourself and to getting to the point where you can actually close people ethically is just to start off by genuinely having their best interests at heart. Don't view the sales call as a sales call to begin with. View it as an opportunity to diagnose a problem in someone's business and potentially solve it for good, and you can only do that if you actually care about them and have their best interests at heart. So that's moral obligation in sales. Really important stuff. Don't forget it. Let's move on to the next thing. So, now let's talk about how we structure our sales calls, because one of the main issues that I see n- new agencies mostly, or sale agency owners, is just having some damn structure to their call. Like, they just see sales as this chaotic thing where you need to ... they know they need to have some sort of conversation with the prospect. They know needed to p- they know they need to ask some questions. They know they need to close the prospect and pitch them, but there's no tangible discourse or reliable structure to this thing, and they end up just flopping every sales call, and it's not repeatable. Now, in the next video, when we talk about our playbook for conversion, we're gonna give you a system, really, 'cause a script is just a system, and we're gonna give you the script and the system, and it's just a reliable, predictable way of consistently closing new clients. And it's repeatable. You can use it for pretty much every single client you have and every prospect you have, and it just sort of brings order to just the chaos of not knowing how to sell. And if you don't have a structure, if you don't have a reliable step-by-step process, then you don't have a system, and what that means is you can't outsource it. I see this a lot with agency owners. They get decent at sales in their own special way. They don't have a script. They don't have a s- a system, and then they want to outsource sales, and then they can't because their system is tied up in their brain, and they can't really articulate it because they've never taken the time to, and they don't ... they haven't recorded their calls, so they can't even remember what the past calls have been like. So they don't have a structure, right? (laughs) So, we need some structure in our calls. So we have five steps to the call. Really, like, every single deal that you close is pretty much gonna happen in a step-by-step process, and you can just observe these steps. Like, all of the sales calls that we've done, all the recordings we have, 90% of them just happen in this sort of step-by-step manner. So, step number one is what I call a line of questioning, and this is where we ask the prospect a series of questions about their business, their current situation, their problems, and where they want to be and how that would make them feel. And we ask them these questions. It's like a bit of an interrogation, it truly is. Sometimes I break the ice and say, "Hey, John, I'm gonna ask you some questions. If it feels like a bit of an interrogation, I apologize, but I just want to be thorough, (laughs) okay?" And he's like, "Yeah, that's fine, Charlie. Ask me away." But we have this line of questioning, and this can typically take anywhere between 20 to 40 minutes depending upon how long the prospect talks for. And it's important we start with questions, because it's the only way for us to gauge whether or not we can truly help someone, and I've seen it before where people try and do sales calls and they, they start asking questions, and then the prospect asks them a question, and then they answer the question. And then before you know it, the prospect's asking you loads of questions, and then you've pitched your product without even meaning to, and then it's chaos. So we start off with a firm, strict line of questioning, and if the prospect tries to stray away from our agenda, then we just say, "Awesome question, John. I've made a note of it, and I will answer it at the end after I've had a chance to explore your business in a little bit more depth. Is that okay? Yes? Awesome. Okay. Next question is this." That's the first thing we do. We have a strict line of questioning that we stick to every single time to diagnose the problem to see if we can help, and then if we actually can help-If we ask our line of questioning and we truly believe that we can actually assist the product... Or sorry, if we believe that our product can truly assist the person we're selling to, then we pitch them, okay? So we ask them questions, and then we get to the point where we are happy that we can help them, to which point we say, "Okay, John, I'm pretty sure I can help you out here. Is it okay if I just share a bit about what we do?" And then John says, "Yes, of course," and then you go away with your pitch and you reel it off. And after you've pitched, then what happens is the prospect will start asking you questions. So at this point, the tables sort of turn a little bit, and you'll have this sort of Q&A with the prospect, where they'll ask you information about your product, and you'll just be silent and you'll answer their question and then you'll shut up. And then they'll ask another question, and then you'll be quiet, and then they'll ask another question, and then you'll be quiet. And eventually, it'll get to the point where they basically close themselves, because you could probably talk about your product, you, you could pitch your product for about three hours with all the intricacies of everything that you offer and all the small details. But really you want to keep your pitch high level, and then just let the prospect pull the information that they need away from it so they have a perfect understanding of how the product works, and more importantly, how it will work for them. And you do that by letting them ask questions until they exhaust their questions, and then you move forward. And then what you do, one of the questions they have will be around price. You use price, and you use that and you leverage that to close them, and then you have to conquer their objections. So you have to accept that objections are gonna be present in pretty much every sales call that you do. Some will be stronger than others. Some will be rooted in more confidence than others. Some are gonna seem pretty ugly and difficult to overcome. But it's unavoidable, and we have to learn how to deal with it. So after we answer their questions and basically ask for the close, they're gonna have an objection or two that we need to overcome, and we conquer the objections, and then we move back towards the close again. So usually what happens on most calls is we ask them questions, then if we think we can help, we pitch them. Then the prospects asks us some questions, and then we try and close them after them asking those questions, and then they have an objection or two, and then we conquer those objections and we move back towards the close. And that's really the process. It's just five simple steps, 'kay? And that's how it works. And these calls typically run for 45 to 60 minutes, and we are aiming for a one-call close when conducting them. We wanna get prospects closed in these five steps if we think we can help 'em, okay? I call this the one-call rule, and generally speaking, we want to get the prospect closed on one call I'm not gonna explore this topic in too much depth now, because I'm going to explain why we do this in later videos, and also how to do it, of course. It's important you understand how that works. Um, but I just want you to know that it's entirely possible to close high-ticket consulting and marketing retainer deals on one call. It's actually quite easy. Once you have the right system and the right framework and confidence, it's entirely possible. You know, like with Northflow, we were selling like f- six-grand consulting deals on 45-minute phone calls, with no previous rapport or anything like that. It was just sort of done and dusted. And it's possible to do, and if you think it's not, and if you doubt that, then just look at that belief and look at why it exists, because if you don't, if you haven't done any sales calls before, then you're probably not in a very good position to make judgments and form opinions around what's possible in sales. And I'm not b- not saying that to, to bash your ego, but it's the truth. People have all these opinions about all sorts of stuff they know nothing about, and the only reason they have those opinions is usually because their brain's trying to avoid the pain of actually doing the thing. You know, it takes a lot of balls, and you have to be a bold person to try and close people on one call. And you've got, you've gotta grow those balls, uh, metaphorically of course, and you've gotta sort of be bold, and that's a difficult thing to do to some people, or for some people initially, because it's a, you know, it sort of makes you vulnerable But when you realize that not being bold makes you more vulnerable than being bold, then, well, you're gonna be bold. That's how it works. And no more bullshit proposals. I don't want anyone sending out proposals in this damn training program. I don't want anyone emailing prospects with PDFs around their services and all that crap. No. The only PDF you should be sending a contr- the only PDF you should be sending a prospect is the contract they're gonna sign after you've closed them. You know, it's the same thing with contracts as well. Like, we just get clients on board, we're honest with, with the way we deliver everything, and then we send them a contract after they've paid. Like, we get their credit card details on the phone, we get them closed, they're on board as a client, they've pa- they've made the payment to us, it's gone through, and then we send them the contract for them to sign. And most people are fine with that, because what they find in the contract is identical to what we've already told them on the call. And we give them all relevant information they need to make the decision, mostly around the guarantee and the price, and then we just send them a document that confirms what we've already told them, and nobody ever has a problem with that, ever. I don't think we've ever had someone email back and say, "I don't agree with this. I've already paid." It's just not how it works. So you don't have to send proposals. You don't have to schedule all these follow-up calls. Unless you're doing organic, it's slightly different, but nonetheless, you want to be as ruthless as possible Don't use it as an excuse. You should always be going for the one-call close. Um, even if you're doing organic calls, it's still possible to do it, it's just a little bit trickier. So you should just rise to the occasion instead. So now that we've talked about the one-call rule, let's talk about some important things to remember. So here's some important things to remember about sales. The first point is that mastery takes a lifetime. You can consume this training module in a few hours, but true mastery will take a lifetime of practice and memorization, okay? This, what I'm gonna teach you over the course of this module is enough information for you to master sales. I mean that. I'm gonna equip you with everything you need to know to get to seven figures in sales. This module is called Seven Figure Sales Strategies, and the stuff that I teach you in this training video will get you to seven figures, and I know it will, because it's helped me do that, right? So it's, it's not, I'm not leaving anything out. Like, you can master sales with the content of this training module. But mastery takes a lifetime. You have to apply time to this equation. You're gonna have to constantly revisit this training module and always work your way back through. And I can guarantee that you've probably already forgotten what I said in the first 10 minutes of this training video. So what you want to do is just start going, work through this module, and just revisit it every single week for a year, and just think about that If you revisited this training 50 times and you went through every video 50 times, what I tell you in these videos, the beliefs that we try to convey and the strategies we use would become part of your bloodstream, you know? They would just ingrain themselves into you and you would become the module. This is, I've done this before with previous training programs that Bo and I have done. Um, there's some mindset training that we've done before, and I revisit that mindset training every week, every single week. No, sorry, not every single week. That's a complete lie. Every single month, okay? Every single month. I revisit it every month. It would take a, take too much of my time if I did it every week, but I revisit it every month, um, as often as I can, and, um, and by doing that, I'm just constantly reminded, because we need to be reminded more than we need to be taught. So if I forget the mind- 'cause the mindset for me is the most powerful part of everything, like I have the strategies, it's just remembering to use them or having the courage to use them or having the discipline to use them

And if I can't keep my mindset straight, then everything falls apart. So, I don't wanna forget the mindset stuff. The same thing with the sales stuff, I don't wanna forget the key strategies that I use. And by teaching them to you, I'm reinforcing them d- deeply. Like, the best way to learn is to teach, really. Um, but mastery takes a lifetime. So you can consume this training in a few hours, but you must continuously, ruthlessly, relentlessly come back and visit it again, and try it again and again. And another thing to remember is that my first sales calls were hilariously cringy, right? I've done over a thousand sales calls at this point, and the only reason I get the results I do is because I stuck it out and didn't stop doing them. So, if I went back and listened to my first couple of sales calls, I would, I would cringe to the, to the core of my existence. I'd want to be swallowed up by the earth (laughs) and, and never to be seen again. It was terrible. Like, I didn't know what I was doing, it was weird. I was just, it was alien to me, and I might as well have been speaking Mandarin. I don't know how Mandarin works, I don't speak Mandarin, but I might as well have been trying to talk to someone in Mandarin. Had no idea what I was doing, no idea how to sell, and the, the client knew that, and it was, it was just cringy. Even thinking about it now, you know, (laughs) I'm like, "Oh, god." Makes me uncomfortable. But I sort of realized that it's just like anything, like if you just start doing something and you're new to it, then you're probably gonna suck at it for a while. Like, take ice skating, for example. I know I have these strange metaphors in here, but if you've never been ice skating before, and then you go ice skating, you're not gonna be good at ice skating. It's just not gonna work. You're gonna get on the rink, you're gonna, your knees are gonna be wobbling, you're gonna be clinging onto the barrier for dear life, and you're just gonna be petrified of skating out into the middle, you know? It's the same thing with sales calls, right? Don't compare where you're at to where I'm at. You know, on, on the ice rink, I might be that, that guy that keeps showing off in the middle, doing random twists and turns and, and backflips, although I'm not sure if it's possible to do a backflip on a, on an ice rink. But you'll get to that point in the middle, but you have to find your feet first. And if you went back and watched the video of you first ice skating, having done a thousand hours of ice skating, you'd probably cringe. And the same thing applies to sales. So, don't be hard on yourself, and it's really important to remember this, because you've gotta come to terms with the fact that you might be new to this. And even if you've already done a few hundred sales calls, using our techniques might be slightly different as well. So, just remember that. And the next thing is that this module gives you everything, okay? All you will need to sound like a hero can be found in this module. That's it. After that, all it takes is practice. So you, uh, when you go through this module, this 7 Figure Sales Strategy Training, I can say with, uh, just raw conviction that you have everything you need to get to multi six or seven figures in your agency, with funnels. I'm sorry, with sales, right? In regards to having the sales system. And if you've been through all the other modules, then, well, you have everything you need. Um, but all you need to sell well can be found here. And if, if you don't get the results, then you're just not doing the work, I'm assuming, because I know this stuff works, I've used it myself And if you haven't, if you're not, if you're trying to sell and it's not working for you, then it's probably just because you've given up or you haven't listened properly, um, you haven't practiced enough. So my point now is responsibility is absolutely paramount to your success. Like, I want to take as much responsibility as I can for your success, but ultimately, the only person that decides whether or not you do well is yourself. So right now, I want you just to mentally commit to just smashing this thing out of the park. In fact, get a piece, get a pen and piece of paper right now, and just write on it, "I am going to master sales. I am going to master sales." And just completely ingrain it into your mind, 'cause if you're not there now, if you're not a master of sales at the moment, that's fine, but you will be, if you follow the training, and you keep doing the work. It's kind of impossible for it not to happen, if you just stick at it and if you have enough grit and emotional willpower and discipline to get the damn thing done. And the last point, continue to revisit this training. I still go back to the core sales lessons I've learned once per week. Now, I know I said once per month, but there's some core things that I read again and again and again every single week. In fact, I have affirmations that I read every single morning around sales and objection handling, 'cause I don't wanna forget them. Um, but the best students in this program are those who constantly revisit this module and the training it provides. People need to be reminded more than they need to be taught, and you must remember this. And yes, I intended that pun to be there. (laughs) So let's, um, let's move on, okay? Important things to remember. Record your calls. To get really good, record your sales calls and listen back to them to optimize and improve your script and process. So I record pretty much every single one of my calls. I don't share the recordings with anyone else, um, I, I just, you know, it's just, if it's me and the prospect on the call, I'm the only person that's gonna listen back to that call, so it's fine. But the, the recording, your call recordings are like gold dust. They are the most important thing to you being successful, really, because it's just once you've got a script and a process, the only thing you have to do is optimize it and improve it. And the easiest way to do that is to listen to reliable feedback, and there's nothing more reliable than your existing sales calls And I don't care if you hate the sound of your own voice, if you want to succeed, then you should do it. Your love for success should outweigh your hatred for your own voice or whatever, okay? It's important. And the script we've provided in this module is just the result of thousands of calls, testing and improvement. You know, the, the foundations that we're building on here are, are tested against thousands and thousands of sales calls, okay? The people that I've learned from have done thousands and thousands of sales calls. I've taken it and done thousands and thousands of sales calls, and they've stood the test of time. Now, the next one is to pair up with others. So, use the Facebook group to find fellow agency owners who you can train with, and partner up with them so you can start doing some role playingThis is cool because we've got a cool community in the Facebook group, depending upon when you're coming onboard, uh, should be quite big. And you can, you can get some role play in. Like there's, there's no better sort of practice than the real thing, of course. Like do not... Like I say here, do not use it as an excuse to put off real sales calls. (laughs) Like there's no, there's no better practice for sales calls than doing sales calls. But when I was getting started, I would just do role play with as many people as I could. And we'd have this, this fun little game we'd play where we'd be, like, "Right, let's do a role play, 45-minute call. Select your difficulty." And then you've got, like, easy, hard, and veteran, or whatever. And easy would mean that the prospect would give you, like, long answers, they'd be more agreeable, their objections wouldn't be as fierce. And then you've got, like, veteran mode, where they're just, they're the worst sort of prospect you could ask for. And I like those prospects now. I, I, I thoroughly enjoy difficult sales situations. I, I live for it. But you can sort of play around with this and role play with people and just get comfortable with the script, get comfortable with the objection handling. Really, if you want to role play something specific, just role play objection handling because objection handling is really where most people mess up, and it's really where most sales calls are lost. Like, you can, you can get to the point where you're pitching people. Like, that's not particularly difficult, but the thing that really trips people up is the objection handling, and that's why we've got a whole two-part video series dedicated (laughs) to it in this module. Um, but like I said, don't use role play as an excuse to put off real calls. And the last thing to remember is this: You are malleable. Now, the word malleable means changeable, right? Your personality, your sense of self, who you are is destined to change. The only thing constant is change. If you think you're bad at sales, well, I want you to answer me this: How many sales calls have you done? Like, it's probably not many. Like if, if you think, "Oh, I'm not gonna be good at sales. I can't sell. I'm crap at sales," well, tell me how many calls you've done. What, like five? Well, no wonder you're bad at sales. Of course you're bad at sales. And that's fine, (laughs) like, because anyone who's done five calls will be bad at sales. And the only reason you're bad at sales is because you haven't done any sales calls. And the only reason you haven't done any sales calls is because you think you're bad at sales. Break this belief, and sit back, and watch the wonderful transformation you will make. So if you think that you're not good at sales, then you're not gonna be good at sales. So all you have to do is break that belief down and realize that it's not actually true. Like, it's really just a decision, like, as to whether or not you're good at something or not, is just deciding that you're good at it and then working at it. Like, it doesn't matter what is true, only what you believe is true, because if you actually apply yourself and do the work, then what you believe to be true will happen, and you will manifest it into existence. That might sound a bit philosophical, but honestly, it's the way the world works. So, the, the main thing that's gonna get in the way of you getting what you want is just your belief around sales. And then this transcends itself into outreach as well, because if you think you're bad at sales, then you're gonna purposely, and perhaps subconsciously, mess up your outreach because you don't want sales calls 'cause you think they're painful and difficult to do. (laughs) So, we've gotta, we, we've really gotta root these problems out, okay? And really, the root cause of most of our problems in, in life is because we just have shitty beliefs that hold us back. So realize you're malleable, realize you can change yourself, and realize that if you think you're bad at sales, it's just because you are believing that you are, and you haven't done enough sales calls to really warrant that belief. I'm good at sales. There's other people that are good at sales, and there's people that are bad at sales. The only thing that separates us is, A, the level of calls we've done, the amount of calls we've done, and B, our belief that we're actually quite good. And really, your confidence will become your... Or sorry, your competence will become your confidence, and vice versa. So that's how it works, okay? So let's get down to business. Uh, this video has basically been sales bedrock, and I hope I've done a good job in laying foundations, um, questionable metaphor here and there, of course, as per usual, but I hope it's been helpful. And I really hope I've opened up your eyes to what's possible with sales and why it's important to understand this stuff. Do not forget this thing here. Let me show you again. Look at this. Take a good look at it, pause the slide, screenshot it, print it off, get a tattoo of it, I don't care. Just remember it however best you can, because if you forget this, then you're basically forgetting to grow your business, okay? So once again, you need to be reminded more than you need to be taught, so revisit this video as many times as you can that make sense, and just keep coming back to this stuff. And I promise you, every time you do, you'll probably pick up on something new because your, your abilities are dynamic, and you're gonna change, and you're gonna improve, and you'll be able to apply this sort of thing at different levels of existence and reality. So that's everything for this video. We've talked about the founding principle of sales, we've talked about common misconceptions, and we've busted some serious myths. We've talked about your moral obligation in sales. We've talked about the structure of our sales calls. We've talked about the one-call rule and also some important things to remember, the key one being this: You're malleable. You can change, and it's gonna happen if you do the work. So that's everything for this video. I can't wait for the next one, because in the next one, we're gonna be giving you our entire playbook. And now that you've been through this video, I can confidently say that I've done everything that I can to prepare you for what you're about to learn. So I'm so excited. I'll see you in the next video. Talk to you soon.