# 4.3. Imperium Conversion Playbook

(dramatic music) Hey, everyone. Charlie Morgan here, and welcome to today's training video. This one is called The Imperium Conversion Playbook. And the purpose of today's video is to give you our entire playbook for sales, and when I say entire, I mean I'm gonna give you everything that I know about selling. Um, I'm gonna give you my whole script. I'm gonna give you my strategies and weapons that I use in sales, and by weapons, I mean techniques. And this video is probably one of the most valuable videos in this entire program. Um, it's definitely in the top three, and just having the stuff that you learn in here alone is probably more than enough to just completely blow your business up. Like, we are gonna give you a lot of value in this video, and I'm quite excited to share it with you, because when I learned to sell, and when I sort of understood these things and it all came together for me, that was probably the most pivotal moment in my whole agency career, or career running an agency. And e- everything just started to take off for me. I s- everything started to make sense. I knew what I needed to do, I knew how I needed to do it, and all I really had to do was do it, in terms of sales. And things got quite easy, and making money got very easy as well. And I'm really excited because this video is gonna give you everything. Okay? So, you wanna pay very close attention to this one. Now, a quick caveat is that the most successful students and the most successful clients in the Imperium Agency Incubator, it- they're gonna be those who constantly refer back to this training video. And if you want to remember one thing from this whole program, make it what you learn in this video. You should be going back to this thing every single week, rewatching it, printing out the script, printing out the weapons that we use, the techniques, and just constantly reminding yourself of the things that you learn in here. Because I was recording this video and setting up the slides for it and preparing it, and there's stuff that I use that I still forget to use. Okay? And I've been doing this for ages. I teach it, I live and breathe this entire process, and I always forget things, so it's inevitable that everybody else forgets things as well. It's, it's just the way (laughs) we work as humans. So make sure you constantly refer back to this video, and make sure you come back and revisit it every single week for the next year until it is just completely ingrained into your mind and it is basically a part of your existence. So, without further ado, let's jump in and get started. So, here's what we're going to cover in this training video. So, first of all, we're gonna do a bit of a recap of what we learned in the last video, uh, around Sales Bedrock. Now, if you haven't watched this video, then you should go back and watch it right now. Uh, if you tried to watch this video, and if you've skipped to this video without watching that foundational video of Sales Bedrock, then you're just doing yourself some damage. I think Sales Bedrock is about an hour and a half long. It's an hour and a half that will be well-spent, and don't spend two hours watching this video without watching that one first, because you'll just be wasting your time. So, we're gonna do a quick recap of that, but the recap will not suffice for the depth that we went into in that last video. There are some really, really important things in there, and you want to go back and watch that if you haven't already. After that, we're gonna talk about why you should use this process ethically, then we're gonna talk about the Imperium Sales Arsenal, and I call this persuasive weapons of mass conversion, which might sound like a bit of a fancy title, but I truly mean it. Um, this part of the video, I'm gonna give you all the techniques and all the sort of small little things that I do on the call to just sort of add up to this one result. And then we're gonna give you our A to Z sales process. So, I'm gonna give you our entire script, from how we open the call to from how we even prepare for the call, to how we end it. You know, we're gonna give you everything. Now, the only thing that we won't be covering in this training video is objections, because we have, uh, a two-part video series coming for objection conquering, um, not next video, but the ones after that. So, we won't be talking about objection handling in this video, and it's obviously imperative you know how to handle objections and deal with them. Um, but we are gonna cover everything up until that point. So pretty much up to the point of closing the prospect, we're gonna cover, you're gonna have everything we do word for word, and the whole curtain will be pulled back. And then I'm gonna show you the Imperium Agency Conversion Script. So, before you download anything in the resources or, you know, open up anything or jump to the script or skip this video ahead, you need to understand the process, why we say the questions we say, uh, why we pitch the way we pitch. You need to understand the background of this stuff, (laughs) so make sure you sit through and watch the whole thing. It's really important. And when I say that these videos have been built in step-by-step order, I mean that, but I also mean that the videos themselves have been built in step-by-step order. So, all of the points of what we're gonna be covering have been stacked on each other, and we really want to just build your knowledge as we go along. It would be like if I taught you to handle objections before teaching you how to pitch, that wouldn't really make much sense, because there's no point in knowing how to handle objections if you haven't got any objections to handle. And likewise, if I tried to teach you to pitch before I taught you to get to the pitch, well, it wouldn't be very, there wouldn't be much point, because why would you want to learn to pitch if you haven't got anyone to pitch to? You need to learn how to get people to pitch first. So, let's dive in and get started with a recap of Sales Bedrock. So, in the last video, we discussed a lot of things to do with sales, and we kept it quite high-level, and we talked in, mostly in, um, theoretical terms, and we kept things relatively high-level. But the principles that we covered in Sales Bedrock-... really do underpin the whole paradigm that we use when we come- when it comes to sales. And a paradigm is basically your way of seeing something. And I really want to make sure that you see sales in the right light and that you are approaching sales with the right sort of beliefs and the right sort of mindset. So let's just recap what we actually talked about. So the first thing was pain. Now, we talked about pain, and we explored why the primary reason anyone buys anything is to alleviate or get out of a painful situation. And if you remember, we talked about how it's like people don't buy into something, they buy out of something. And pretty much the only reason anyone's ever going to invest in a marketing campaign is to alleviate pain in their business. And you've got to remember that if someone has a business problem, that's like a- it's, it's business pain. For business owners, there's ... and then you're probably well-aware of this, running an agency, but there's no real separation between the stress a business problem causes and the stress the personal problem that results from that business problem causes, if that makes sense. So if someone isn't getting enough customers in their business, yes, it's gonna put a big strain on the business, but it's putting a big strain on them as the owner of the business, right? So they're not buying their way out of this business pain, it's personal pain, because business problems are personal problems for business owners. And by helping them solve a business problem, we're technically solving a personal problem for them, and people will pay quite a healthy sum for that. And we must create pain in order to motivate the prospect to buy. So if there's no pain, if the prospect isn't feeling any sort of pain, and I mean mentally, not physically, they're not feeling any sort of mental pain, they won't have a reason to purchase from us. Because we buy our way out of pain, so if we're not in pain, we're not gonna buy anything. Like, why would, why would you buy something if it's not gonna solve a problem for you or alleviate some pain? Like, it's the sandwich analogy. If you're (laughs) already full up, you're not gonna go and buy a sandwich, 'cause you're not hungry. Like why ... It's like the same thing. If you've got enough customers, you're not gonna go and pay for a marketing campaign, because there's, there's no pain, right? There's j- just no point. And we can justify this by being honest and having their best interests at heart. So the nature of, of what we're gonna be teaching in this video is really gonna revolve a lot around building pain in the prospect's mind. And you've got to understand, like you've gotta be comfortable making people uncomfortable. And you've gotta do that and you've gotta realize that it's entirely justified, because we're actually helping people here. And if you want someone to make a change in their life or if you want to really help someone, then you've probably gotta cause a bit of pain for them to realize that they need some help and to actually invest in your services. So if you just have the prospect's best interest at heart, and that's why you're ca- causing pain, like don't just go around causing pain. Like, you'll know after this video how to go around and just create pain in people's minds. I'm not (laughs) saying you should go and do that to get what you want out of life. I'm saying that you should use this in an honest and ethical manner and that you should actually, you know, have someone's best interest at heart. It's like a personal trainer, like I said in the last video. You, you hire a personal trainer, and you expect them to cause you pain. It's like, "Do this exercise until you can't breathe anymore," because you know that pain is what pushes you. So in a sales situation, it's no different. Now, obviously there's ways to go about this. We're not just gonna go outright and start telling people their business is shit and telling them that they're doing everything wrong. No, we don't do it like that. There's more subtle and indirect ways that we do it, which will be covered in this video. Um, but we must create pain. So don't think that you're creating pain by being direct and just being brutally honest. I mean, hon- honesty is a blunt instrument and, you know, it's, it's not the kind of, you don't just wanna straight up tell someone they're doing a bad job. You want to say to them, "Why do you think this isn't working for you at the moment?" And then you let them come to the conclusion that it's their own fault. And nine times out of 10, people will do that. So the next thing is separation and bridging. And the key to sales is to understand that masterful salespeople create separation. Um, and they create separation between where the prospect currently is and where the prospect wants to be. And then, voila, we have this big gap in the middle, and the prospect becomes very aware of this gap. And then they're like, "Oh, okay, well, what do we do about this gap?" And then the masterful salespeople, they position themselves as the bridge the prospect can use to cross this grap , okay? To, to cross this gap, sorry, or traverse the terrifying gap between where they are and where they want to be. So if you want to close deals, you've got to clearly define where someone is, you've gotta clearly define where they want to be, and then you just have to basically position yourselves as the bridge that can get them there. And your people are gonna just buy your product because they'll just assume that you can help them, and that's how it works. And then we also talked about misconceptions and myths, uh, in Sales Bedrock. Uh, we, we talked about this in length, because a lot of people, a lot of agency owners coming into this space, they have a lot of faulty or wrong beliefs about sales, and this harms their ability to close clients. So just make sure you aren't one of them, because if you have any negative beliefs about sales, like if you believe that sales is hard, if you believe it's difficult, if you believe you're not cut out for it or you haven't got the personality for it, or if you just think that your niche won't buy on the phone or if you think that people won't trust you with their credit card details, all of those beliefs aren't an accurate representation of the truth. Because really, the truth and the reality you experience is just gonna be the result of what you actually believe to be true. So you might as well just believe things that play in your favor. Because whilst some agency owners believe that sales is extremely difficult and there's other agency owners that believe sales is extremely easy, and those two agency owners live entirely different realities. And the only thing that separates them is their belief systems. So if you are selling or in the prospect of selling...... makes you feel pain or fear or anxiety, then you've got to root these beliefs out. You've really got to just get a pen and paper, write down all the things you believe to be true about sales, and just take a third-person view and just look at them and think, "Oh. Well, hang on, that's, that's not right. That can't be right." I... Look, sales is difficult. Well, Northflow Consulting, for example, I, I know they've closed, like, 350 clients in the past couple of years. I know that, you know, this is possible. I know that people buy on the first call. So, you know, it's, it's, it's really important, you know. You don't wanna come into this with any misconceptions. And then we also talked about moral obligations. So, as a salesperson, you have a professional duty to help your prospect, and you are responsible for their success, if you can help them. You are responsible for their decision, and the outcome of the call depends on you being sincere and honest with the prospect. And by telling the truth, the best outcome is impossible to prevent. So this is why we want to sell according to the fit, and this is why we want to sell to help people, really. Because if you, if you sell for anything other than the fit, like if you're trying to sell people that aren't a good fit for you, then you're not... U- you're not acting in alignment with, like, the truth. And that might sound a bit abstract, but honestly, try and build a business on lies and see where it gets you. It's probably gonna get you... Well, y- the worst-case scenario is in prison, um, or even worse, perhaps. But when you're selling, if it's apparent to you you can't help someone, then you should tell them that. And if it is apparent you can help them, then you should stop at nothing to get them on board. And these are your mo-... These are the two moral obligations you have as a salesperson. Because when you, when you tell the truth... I, I say this, that the best outcome is impossible to prevent, wh- which is... Honestly, it's true. Like, how can it be any other way? Like, if you just, if you just speak the absolute truth, then the outcome of that situation will be what is best for both of you, because it's in alignment with the truth. Like, I, I don't think it could be any other way, because it's just the way the world works, okay? You know, imagine... It'd be like trying to go outside in the sun with no top on and then being like, "Yep, I'm not gonna get a sunburn," like, you do it, that's not the truth, and then the, the sun just burns your skin and you get a sunburn. And then you're surprised because you're... you just went out believing a lie, and then you're sunburned. Strange analogy, but the same thing happens when you try and take clients on that aren't a good fit for you. The next thing we talked about was call structure. So we structure our calls in an orderly, step-by-step manner. Most agency owners have a chaotic sales process. They don't really have anything defined. There's no tangible, like, predictable system they can follow, and yes, they might have, have some script here and there, but they never really stick to it, they don't believe it works, um, and this just creates this just constant order every time someone's on the phone. So we have this structure, and we don't waver from this structure, okay? Every single call you do should basically look the same. You know, we start with questions, then we pitch the prospect, then we answer the prospect's questions, then we close them, and then, if they have objections, we overcome them and we sell them. And that's what we do. Every single call, we just repeat the same process, we follow the same structure, we stay on the same path, and it just becomes very predictable. You know, if you can convert at 20% using this process, then you'll convert at 20% using this process, as long as you use it. (laughs) You know, the numbers will just start to line up, and everything will seem easy for you. Um, like the stuff that we do, I mean, we can convert, like, 40% sometimes, and, um, and I just know that if I keep doing the same process, then I will continue to convert at 40%. Like, it just... It's like we have this structure, we have this system, and this system produces a 40% conversion rate, so why would I stray away from that? Like, why would I waver from the structure that's working for me? So this is really important, because what will start to happen is you'll notice that you start having ideas and, and new ways of sales, and that's awesome, because you might find something that improves your script. But if you start straying away from the structure without tracking anything or without actually, you know, making a note of what you're doing, well, then things are gonna be chaotic. So don't. And the next thing was the one-call rule, and this is really simple. It's entirely possible to close people on one 45 to 60-minute phone call. We don't want prospects lingering in the maybe zone, and fence-sitting is within no one's best interest. So if you think that you've gotta send out lengthy proposals, or if you think you've gotta get people on the phone for, like, three or four times, I want you to know that yes, that may sometimes happen. People might request multiple calls, and it might just be the case that you have to let that happen. But 80% of the time, 90% of the time, you should just be looking for that one-call close, because if you start giving... if you start making exceptions, then, well, the exception will become the rule. (laughs) And I promise you, that's not what you want, so start as you mean to go on. So the next thing is revisit. You need to be reminded more than you need to be taught, okay? So you can learn this stuff, you can go through the course over a couple of hours, and it might make sense and you might think you know it, but you must continually come back to it until it's sewn into the very fiber of your existence. Now, a real-world example of this is... I'm currently reading a book, it's called Discourses, um, by a Stoic philosopher called Epictetus, and I've read this book, uh, probably, like, four or five times, and I'm re-reading it today. And every single time I go back and read that book, it's like I've forgotten everything that I learned before. Oh, there's, there's stuff that I've missed, or there's, there's sentences that I completely forgot about. So, the same thing applies with this sales training. Don't get comfortable and think you just know it all. And, and if you start converting... I mean, like... 'Cause the conversion rates we have for Northflow, and also for Imperium, are just ridiculous, and the training we have here is ridiculous and will help you do that. Um, and by ridiculous, I mean good, by the way. (laughs) Um, but don't just think, "Oh, this is cool." Use it. Y- you might use it for a week or so, and then you might forget one or two of the key principles, and then your conversion rate slips down to 15%, and you're like, "Oh, 15%'s all right, I'm just gonna keep doing what I'm doing." Like, no, you should settle for no less. Like, it's possible to get your conversion rate to, like, 30, 40%, and I believe it's possible to get to 80%. Like, I'm getting there. I don't care what I do. Well, I do, actually, 'cause I don't wanna... You know, I wanna bear all these rules in mind. But I want to just have my conversion rate as high as possible, and using this stuff, you can get your conversion rate to, like, 40%, like, honestly, maybe even 50%. Like, it's possible. Like, one in every two people you talk to, you can close, if you've got a good enough offer. Actually, that probably is possible. We've, we've seen that happen before, so it's entirely possible. But my point here is you want to consistently re-visit the training, consistently improve, consistently remind yourself of everything, because if you don't, you'll forget it. And the last key point of the last video was to remember that you're malleable, and the word malleable basically means changeable. It means that you can mold yourself or you can mold something into something else. So like, you know, wet clay is malleable, and you are malleable. So if, right now, you think you're not good at sales, well, like I said, how many sales calls have you done? Like, how many people have you spoken to? How many objections have you tried to handle? How many times have you pitched your product? How many times have you asked a sales question to someone? Probably not many. So you're malleable, you

... change and if your current reality is that your sales conversion rate is ten percent, then you've got to understand and truly believe that you can change it to be 30 or 40 or 50 percent. It's possible. And the reason I know it's possible is because I've done it. It took me, I don't know, like ... God, how long did it take? I reckon about seven to eight months to land my first client. And I did a lot of sales calls, but they weren't really sales calls. They, it was just more of a desperate attempt at making money. We could c- if you could call it that. And, um, and I was so close to giving up. It took me so long to land my first client, and to be honest, if you've got this sales script and if you're using our systems and you haven't got a client yet, like it's only just gonna be a matter of time. Like it will happen quite quickly. But I didn't know this stuff back then, and ... but in the back of my mind when I was doing these calls, I thought, "Oh, do you know what? I believe it's possible to do better, and I believe that I can become one of the greatest salespeople the agency space has ever seen." And I'm still on that mission, and I really believe that I'm gonna eventually get to the point where I can just be an absolute machine. I want 60, 70, 80% conversion rates. I wanna be able to sell, like five deals a day, every day, for the rest of my life. I believe it's possible. I will get there, but it's just a question of time and improvement. So, I believe that because I believe that I'm malleable. My current reality will not be the same reality that I have in five years from now, when I'm better at sales. Okay? It's important. So if you remember here, we also have the, um, the sort of diagram that breaks down what happens on the call. And before the call, uh, we reach out to the prospect in their current situation, and when we reach out to them, it creates a sense of agitation, or at least a sense of awareness that they have a problem that could be solved. And just by bringing the prospect's attention to the fact that their r- their situation in life could be better, we create this agitation in their mind. And this agitation is really what leads them to booking the call with us. And then when we get on the call with them, what we need to do is clearly, and, you know, just quickly - well, not quickly, per se - but clearly separate these two different things. And on the call, we need to develop a clear understanding of where they're at, and we also need to develop a clear understanding of where they want to be. And just by defining these two situations, the prospect will actually develop a serious level of clarity around what they need to do to improve, and they'll actually start to experience pain and emotion associated with that improvement. And then all we have to do is position ourselves as the bridge for them to cross this gap. And, you know, you have you, your offer, and your service, basically is the thing that is gonna be in the middle of these two things. And for as long as you can position yourself as the bridge to help the pr- to help your clients, like, cross the gap between where they are and where they want to be, then your agency will never fail. And you'll get to seven if not eight figures very, very quickly. So let's talk about using this process ethically. So we've just covered the foundations. We've recapped everything around sales bedrock, and we've sort of explored why that stuff is important. And I don't want you to forget it, okay? Don't forget the foundations, because if you do, then you're really gonna mess up. It would be like a professional footballer forgetting how to pass the ball. It's, you know, one of the simplest things to do in football, um, and by that I mean soccer, if you're in America. But if you forget how to pass the ball at a professional level, then you're gonna be in a lot of trouble. And professional footballers still practice passing the ball. In fact, they just drill these foundations in. They drill the basics in more than ever. So, don't forget them, and let's move on. So, using this process ethically. So this sales training is gonna teach you how to position yourself and your service as the bridge to someone achieving their greatest desires in life and business. And that's a fact. The stuff that we cover in this training module is, is just gonna be an absolute weapon for you, and you're gonna be able to just position yourself as s- as a, as a person and as a bridge for prospects to, to get to where they want to be. And it's so powerful that you're gonna be able to convince anyone to do anything. Like, the principles that we use here, you can sell pretty much anyone to anything using this process. So, I ask that you use it ethically. I ask that you use it with honesty, fairness, and with a solid moral code. And just because you can convert someone doesn't mean you should. And this is really important. So, I've had it before where prospects have been begging to buy from me, you know, where I've done such a good job here that they've basically been on their knees saying, "I'm, you need to take me on as a client." And I've turned some people down before. I had one guy before who said that he was gonna borrow money from his, um, from his grandma or something. I can't remember exactly what it was. But he said, "Do you know, I'm gonna ... I, I really wanna work with you guys. Um, you know, I, I'm gonna go ahead and I'm gonna ask my grandma for this money. She's in loads of debt, but I know that she believes in me and I believe you, so let's make it happen." And I said to that guy, I said, "Look, we can help you, and I know we can, but I'm not comfortable putting your grandmother's money on the line. Like, I know that I can get you the result that you want and I firmly believe that, but I don't believe this is the right fit at the moment." You don't wanna make these sorts of business decisions out of raw desperation. Um, and, you know, you can ... It's, it's tongue-in-cheek 'cause there was ... Not tongue-in-cheek, sorry. I meant to say you can play it by ear. (laughs) I get those things mixed up sometimes. Um, you can play it by ear because when you get good at this stuff, w- you will have a lot of prospects on, in that position. And you, the only reason I said no to that guy is there was a bunch of other stuff going on as well. I didn't think he would've been a very good client. Like, eh, he just had a lot of stuff going on, and I really don't think a marketing strategy would've actually solved those problems. Like, he was just in a really bad place, and I, I ... Like, he was psychologically messed up.... he was in hundreds of thousands of dollars of debt. And, you know, he was, he just wasn't, you know, I'd heard from another marketing agency he'd, he'd been a nightmare client to work with. And like I sort of drew the line at the whole grandmother thing. I was like, "That's not gonna happen. That's not a good idea." And, you know, he was kind of distraught because I'd built this thing up and then I was like, "No." But like that's ethical selling because it's like I could have helped him, but it wasn't the right sort of fit. So just because you can convert someone doesn't mean you should. Now don't take this literally every single time because if you can convert someone and it's a good fit, then you probably should, and you definitely should actually. But just use your discretion or, sorry, use your, um, use your (laughs) common sense, right, not discretion. Use your common sense here and, um, and just decide for yourself if you really want to take someone on board and change their life because with marketing agencies we literally can do that. We can, we can actually transform someone's reality and we can improve the quality of someone's life. We can... Or we can help them make more money. We can improve their family life. We can give them more freedom. We can make them fall in love with their business again. We can introduce more customers to the economy. We can boost the economy. There's so much you do with a marketing agency and the outcome and the consequences of working with a client are absolutely wonderful. So never forget that and just bear that in mind when you're doing this whole sales process. So now let's talk about the Imperium Sales Arsenal, uh, persuasive weapons of mass destruction. So now let's actually dive into the meat of this training video and let's really get into the, the nitty-gritty. You know, let's get our hands dirty with some pretty awesome strategies, um, that we can use here. So what I've done here is I've put together a resource, um, it's called the Imperium Sales Arsenal, and this will be available in the download below. Uh, it's a PDF, so let's take a look at it right now, and I should have it on my desktop. Okay, here we go. So let's take a look at this. Okay, so this is the Imperium Sales Arsenal. So I call the following techniques persuasive weapons of mass conversion for a reason, okay? These are expert-level techniques that we've used to close hundreds of clients so you want to be sure to implement every single one when conducting sales calls. So it... These things are seriously powerful. So print out this resource, pin up every page, and read it every single day until these techniques are optimal defaults in your sales approach. Now the truth is, is that the only, the only thing you need to do to actually, like, fall in love with these things is just use them because as soon as you use them, you'll see how damn powerful they are and how much money they can make you And to be honest, I was kind of reluctant to actually include these in the sales training because a lot of these I've sort of come up with on my own and, and it's not common knowledge. It's... You can't just go and find this stuff in a random YouTube video or an entry-level SMMA course. Like these, these things, I think... How many of them are there? There's like 11 of them or something. They're just absolute weapons, right? (laughs) And they seriously are. Like it's... I'm giving you my entire playbook, you know, that we've used to close hundr-... I mean, over 350 clients at this point we've, we've taken through this sales process. Um, we've done over 1,000 sales calls for Northflow, probably more than that now. I've done more calls than other agencies as well, and I've closed more clients. And, you know, I've, I've sort of been able to... You know, it took me a while to, to do all this stuff because I, I was damn good at sales and it took me a long, long time to sort of break down the strategies that I used and to actually articulate them because I knew how they worked, and I used them without really having to think too much about it. Like they were just part of my approach. So to actually put this resource together has been, well, it's been quite difficult. Um, I've taught them to salespeople like, you know, internally and stuff, but I've never actually sort of written them down and devised a literal playbook for all of the strategies and weapons And I call them weapons because they really are. Now I, I don't want you to sort of see them as weapons, like we're not trying to cause damage with them, okay? Maybe I've just been a bit dramatic with, with the way that I've named these, um, but they, they are just, they're just absolute just beastly strategies. So let's dive in and talk about them. So weapon number one is silence. Now honestly, you can say more by not speaking than speaking. Like if you want to, if you want to make a point in a conversation, sometimes and usually the easiest way to do that is just by being quiet, and there, there's just actual raw, unfiltered, disgusting levels of power in shutting up and just being dead quiet. Like seriously, this is the most devastating and powerful conversation and sales technique that you can use. So silence is by far the most potent sales weapon you can use, and it's very simple. When you ask your prospect a question, shut up. Do not talk over people, do not butt in or interfere with their sentences regardless of how muddled they are. When you ask a question, just shut up. Let them finish speaking, give them a couple of seconds of silence, and then ask your next question. So I see this all the time in sa- on, on sales calls like with, with agencies where they'll ask the, they'll ask the client a question, and then before the, before the prospect or... They'll ask the prospect or the client a question, and then before the prospect or client has actually had the chance to finish their sentence, the agency owner's chipping in and, and asking them the next question or they're giving their opinion or they, they're sort of uh, duh, mm, duh, duh. You know? Have, have you seen that before in conversations where someone's talking and the other person starts their sentence and then they stop and then they start and it's just this..... it's just, it's just... Not only is it disrespectful, but it shows that you're not listening. It shows that the whole intention of you being in that conversation is just to talk. And it, it just, it is actually a sign of weakness, right? It's not... People think it's a powerful thing to do to be loud and powerful in a conversation, but really the most powerful person in the room is the person that says nothing. And, you know, if you, if you look at, like, billionaires and interviews with very s-successful business people, you'll find that if, if they're asked a question, they'll give a very concise and specific answer, and then they'll be quiet, and they just radiate this, this power. It's the same thing with, with interrogations, for example, or, um, you know, sort of, uh, like murder interviews. Like, the interrogator will ask a question, and then they'll just shut up, and they'll stare at the person they've asked the questions to until, you know, until they talk, until they break, and they'll just be dead quiet. And it's just, it's just beyond powerful. And most people are incredibly uncomfortable with silence. I used to be petrified of silence. If I was with a group of friends, I'd always have to start conversation because I hated it till I realized, you know, that it wasn't really necessary, it's just a sign of insecurity. And when we allow prospects' silence to talk, they will reveal more and more about themselves and their current situation, and we can later leverage this to close the deal. Now, you will notice that if you give your prospects a couple of seconds of silence after they answer, they'll start filling in that silence with more information. So, this is kind of cool, because if you ask your prospect a question like, "Okay, what sort of marketing are you currently doing in your business?" And if they just say, like, um, "Oh, yeah, we just do some Facebook ads," if you just sort of wait for two or three seconds after their sentence, then you'll start to notice they, they might be like, "Yeah, we- we- we've been doing ads, uh, for, for a while. Um, it's going okay. We also do some email." And just by giving them some time to actually just think, we can really sort of, you know, depict where they're actually going with their, with their thought patterns. And it's an interesting thing, because when you're silent, you can actually see what people are thinking. Like, it will just... The- their thoughts will... They'll start to articulate their thoughts to sort of fill the silence because they're uncomfortable. And when you can get someone to do that, you can start to get them to reveal important information about their situation that you can leverage to close. So, if the prospect gives you an unsatisfactory response, then just stay quiet until they tell you more. So, for example, like I gave this one, "What are you doing with marketing at the moment?" And if they're like, "Oh, I don't really know," then you would be quiet just like that, and they'll start to tell you more. And the other thing here is that silence also makes the prospect worry that their answer isn't good enough for you. So, if you, if you ask them what, what sort of marketing they're doing, and they just give a really, like, vague answer and you just be quiet, then in the back of their mind, they'll start being like, "Well, that, that didn't... That wasn't good enough for him. That didn't get him. Shit, that wasn't enough to sort of satisfy him. Like, he's, he's not gonna say anything until I speak, like, oh, I'll just give him more information." And a lot of those processes are subconscious, but it's the same thing if, if you think about texting someone. If someone, like, ignores you or leaves you on read or whatever, it can make you feel really uncomfortable. Like, people, like... And then you might send another message or, God forbid, double text someone, you know (laughs)? And the same thing happens in conversation. Now, when we're texting someone, you might be waiting for hours. Like, we're not gonna be sat there in silence for hours. Um, but we are gonna be sat there in silence for a couple of seconds, and that really is enough to get people to sort of stumble over themselves and start to feel a little bit insecure about everything. So, that's weapon number one. It's just silence. And this doesn't just apply to sales situations. You can leverage this in everyday conversation as well. And you'll notice when you actually just shut up, people become much more receptive to you. And, and it's not... If, if you're being quiet, like, don't think that if you're in a sales situation and you're being silent, don't think that it's bad to make the other person uncomfortable, because usually the other person will just come to respect your silence. People love talking about themselves, and it's very, very, very rare that someone actually listens to them. So, when you come on the call and you ask them a question and you give them some respect by actually being quiet and letting them answer, people don't really do that very often. It's not... How... When was the last time someone actually listened to what you had to say, like, like, properly in depth without saying anything or butting in or preparing a response before you'd even actually had a chance to say your piece? Uh, probably not very often. So, silence is the first one, and we use this throughout the whole call. We use it when we ask questions. We use it when we ask for the close. We use it when we handle objections. Very powerful. Weapon number two is non-judgment. Okay, this is absolutely imperative. It's up there with silence, right? I haven't ordered these in accordance to how important they are, but these two are by far the most important. So, no matter what you do, never judge the prospect. Remain unbiased in every way. So, don't judge someone... I'm not, I'm not reading the thing here, but don't judge someone, like, internally either. Like, a lot of people think that if they speak a judgment, then they're judging someone, but if they, if they think a judgment and don't speak it, then they're not judging them. Well, that's not true, okay? You cannot afford... And I, and I mean this in every sense. If your, if your agency isn't where you want it to be at the moment and you haven't got much money, then you literally cannot afford to judge your prospects, okay? If you think that the prospect doesn't have any money, like, if you think they can't afford it, then stop thinking that. If you think they have too much money and they're too big for you, then don't think that either. Like, if, if they say something you deem stupid or if you disagree with what they're doing or what they're saying, don't say anything, and don't judge them internally either. Now, you'd be surprised how much crazy stuff I hear on sales calls. And there are times when someone says something I fundamentally disagree with, or there are times when someone says something completely bonkers and I'm like, "That's an awful thing to do in your business." But as soon as I judge them internally, as soon as I just think or, or actually settle with that judgment is the second that, that, the chances of me closing that sale completely go away, because your internal judgment will lead you to subconsciously skew the call in the direction of your judgment. So, for example, if before a call you think to yourself, uh, "There's no way this guy is gonna buy on this first call," then you'll steer the call in that direction. So, don't judge, right? If someone hops on a call and the first thing they say to you is, "Hi, Charlie. Nice to meet you. Just so you know, there's no way I'm buying from you today." Right? If someone says that to you, you can just say, "Okay, John, thanks for letting me know. But by the way, if you don't buy today, that's on me, not you. I take full responsibility for your decision." Then, you know, you can throw it back at them a, a bit. And then if you just... If someone says that to you, you're just gonna... And, and you, and you take it on board, like, you know, you, you judge them, you're gonna go through this whole call thinking, "Oh, he's never gonna... He's not gonna buy from me this call. Um, that means I'm not gonna do this close, I'm not gonna ask this question." And, like, you know, you'll, you'll just, you'll just skew the call to go in the direction that you think it's going. It's just confirmation bias. So, the same thing applies to everything. Like, if you talk to... If you're doing, like, um, I don't know, any, any business and you think they're...

... tiny or too small, or their website looks bad, or th-their team is massive and they're too big for you, then don't judge those things. Don't think about them. Don't take them on board. Just start each call with a blank slate. And this is also why I don't like doing research on prospects. Um, that's a very counter, counter thing to say, 'cause most people in the sales world believe that research is key. Now obviously you want to know the prospect. If you're doing paid traffic, you have a full-on application form to go off of, but even with the application form, you don't really want to judge the prospects based on that. Like, the whole point of these calls is to understand the person's current situation, and the easiest way to understand their current situation is to ask them questions that force them to open up to us, um, or invite them to open up to us. And you just want to basically understand them based on their answers on the call. You don't want to look at their website and, and start making all of these rash judgments before they come on. You don't want to read through their application form and, and believe they're one, they like a specific way. No, you just want to get on the call with a very, very open mind, with no judgment about them, what they say, who they are, where they're from, what they do, how much they're making, any of that crap. You come on with a clean mind, with a clear slate, and you ask them questions, and that's how you build your understanding of whether you can help them or not, okay? And obviously judgment has to be present because you have to judge at some point whether they're a good fit for you or not, but that's a different kettle of fish. And, you know, w- we're not judging people for their, you know, situation. We're just judging them, you know, based on whether or not we think our product can help. And the second the prospect gets wind of the fact that we're judging them is the second their ego barriers fly up. When this happens, the prospect is no longer on the call to invest in change, but instead they are now just going to protect their ego. So you might have seen a situation before, perhaps with your friends or family or whatever, where two people engage in a conversation, and to begin with it's just a friendly conversation, and then one me- one, one participant in the conversation judges the other person. And then what starts to happen is the conversation is no longer about the topic of conversation that we had before. No, the, the, the words that both parties use are now just a way of attacking each other's egos or defending their current own. So when I say non-judgment, I mean don't judge the prospect in regards to judge them for the way they are, like, you know, if someone says something stupid or you think it's stupid, then don't, don't judge them, but then the other thing is don't pre-judge them or pre-judge the direction of the call either. So it's two types of non-judgment. But basically, any sort of judgment you feel about the prospect, either on the call or during the call, is probably gonna harm your ability to close them. So weapon number three is let them sweat the gravity of their situation, never solve. I talked a bit about this in the last video. So we are going to ask the prospect difficult questions about their problems, pains, and desires, and when we do this, we naturally dredge up negative emotions and anxiety in the prospect's mind, and it's this pain that will motivate them to buy from us. Do not solve this pain. Do not coach and do not, for God's sake, start adding value. We need the prospect to sweat the gravity of their situation and sit with the weight of their agony. You are not on the call to solve their problems, coach them, or make their pain go away, okay? You've gotta realize, pain is productive and pain is the thing that drives people's decisions, and the last thing you want to do is ask the prospect a question that causes them pain and then just say, "Oh, no, no, no, don't worry about that," or, "No, don't worry, everyone has that," or, "We're gonna help you with that, so that's not to worry," because they're no longer in that pain. Although they sh- technically still should be, they, they won't feel it anymore, and therefore, all the motivation and reason they have for actually purchasing from you there and then on the call is basically eliminated. And imagine being a doctor conducting a consultation. That's what you wanna look at this like, right? Imagine just being a doctor and you're sort of asking the person questions about their health. You're not really judging them, you're just being silent, and then you're gonna prescribe a solution at the end of the call. That's basically what we're doing on these calls. But imagine being a doctor. You're conducting a consultation with someone about ... with someone who has heart disease, right? You've, you've diagnosed them with heart disease. Now, you're not gonna tell them to not worry about it, as this will get the patient to calm down and decide against doing anything about it. So if, if you're, if you're a doctor and your patient has, has a chronic illness they need to solve, the last thing you're gonna do is say, "Oh, don't worry about it. Don't worry about it. Stop stressing. No, it's gonna be fine. It's gonna be fine." Because doctors know that by doing that, all of the, all of the, this, this pain and these, these anxious feelings that would drive the prospect to make a healthy decision to actually live are hindered, and, you know, pain is productive and it's what we need to grow. So that's ... I call that letting them sweat the gravity of their situation, because what we want to do on the call is really show people how shit their current situation is, and also we wanna show them how shit it is in com- in comparison to what it could be. And by doing that, you know, in an indirect way, in a clever way that doesn't cause their ego barriers to rise up, we can just let them sit in that pain, and we can let them stew in it. They'll fester in it, and, you know, if we're nev- if we never solve it on the call, the only way they can really solve it is to actually buy from us, okay? Remember, people buy out of painful situations, so all you have to do is create a painful situation and then just offer them the opportunity to buy their way out of it. Okay. Weapon four is raw, unwavering confidence. Sales is the transfer of emotion. If you radiate doubt, your prospect will be doubtful. If you radiate raw, unfiltered confidence, then your prospect will be confident.Confidence is by far my biggest asset in sales. Honestly, like if I was to attribute one thing, I mean s- all of these help, like silence is obviously really helpful. But in terms of like just a character trait or the way that I come across, I think it's just my confident delivery. Took me a while to figure this out and articulate it, because, uh, you know, when I was trying to diagnose or define what I was doing right, I was sort of just looking for what I was saying. When, in reality, all of the results I was getting came from how I was saying it. And it was the, it was the confident delivery, it was this having so much assurance in my tone that just sort of led the prospect to feel the same way. Like, when I'm selling, I have this extremely confident frame, and I present what I have in an extremely confident way. And that kind of give the prospect, uh, gives the prospect no choice but to enter my frame and share my confidence. And I've used that to close so many clients, where I've said, "Look, John, I am extre- uh, in case you can't tell, I love my job, and I am extremely confident that I can help you get where you want to be. Can you share my confidence? Can we get this started?" (laughs) You know, that's a beautiful line to close people, and I've used it many times. And really, confidence i- in sales, it all just comes down to having a damn good product. And having confidence, um, it can truly help someone. Like, this is why. If I know I can help someone, like I'm just dialing up that confidence to the point where it's kind of impossible for them to say no. You know? It's inadvertent. Or sorry, it's indirect, but it's, you know, it's a, it just creates this, this dynamic where they're like, "Oh my God, this dude is so confident he can deliver for me." Like, uh, y- you know, "I've, I've never had this much confidence before, like from someone else. Like, I'm just gonna do it 'cause it's just, I, I now feel confident." Like, it's just the transfer of emotion, you know? It's just, like it just is the way these things work. Like, if you're doubtful, if you p- if you deliver your pitch in this anxious, doubtful way, and you're shy and you're meek, then the prospect is gonna feel anxious, doubtful, shy, and meek. And you're not gonna make any sales. And this takes a long time to develop. Like, being is, is confidence and it's also boldness in the respect of just being absolutely ... uh, you can just operate out of just complete and utter conviction that you can help someone. And the way to do that is like people just think that being confident makes them vulnerable, because all it takes is for someone to sort of poke at your confidence, you know? 'Cause most people's confidence is, is sort of a, it's a, um, it's like a projection of insecurity. Like, it's a way of sort of, um, like if you see someone that's walking down the street and they're sort of walking really confidently, like almost too confidently, then you just assume that, like or like subconsciously you might assume that they are insecure, and they're trying to compensate and make up for that insecurity. And, you know, if you don't feel confident, then it's difficult to be confident. But really, it all just comes down to having a good product. Like, if you've got a really good product and a good service, and you know you can help someone, then there's nothing that anyone can do to sort of question your confidence, and no one is gonna question your confidence, because it's, it's like you just sort of are confident. No one's gonna be like, "Oh, why are you so confident in this, man?" (laughs) Like I've never had anyone ask me that before. It's not, it's not how it works. So if you can help someone or help the prospect, muster up all the confidence you can, and make it clear you have absolute conviction in your ability to help them. And this should only apply when pitching or handling objections. So I don't really switch the confidence on until I'm actually certain I can help someone, and there's a very specific point at which I actually, e- I mean, we call this, um, we call this stating like, you know, uh, we call it a confidence statement in the pitch So there's a, there's a point at which you turn this on. So you're not gonna be asking questions in a really confident way, like, "And what are you doing in your marketing right now?" (laughs) Like, no, we ask our questions in just a nice, mono-tonal, non-biased way, without much emotion behind them. Um, but yeah, you turn this on later, and honestly, this, this thing will just completely and utterly just like, you know, it's just, it's a, it's a big thing. And people think that being confident make, make, makes you vulnerable, like, you know, putting it on. But really, not being confident makes you vulnerable, because it's how it works. So, weapon five is patience. So, do not rush your call for the sake of efficiency or respecting their time. I see this a lot, where agency owners are like, "Yep, so John, I respect your time, so I'm gonna keep this quick." No, if you really respected John's time, you would, you know, if you really r- I put this here. If you really respect their time, then you would conduct the call in a patient, professional manner. Like, if you respect the person you're talking to, then you should have enough respect for you to actually spend a full 45 minutes clearly diagnosing their problems to see if you can help them. Like, you, you can't go into every call just thinking that everyone just wants a quick 10-minute chat, because that's not very respectful. Like, if someone's like, "I haven't got much time here," I'm like, "Look, John, this is your business here, and in my opinion, your business deserves some considerable time, and I don't wanna rush through anything, and I don't want anything to, to get in the way of us working together if it's a good fit. So I would rather we schedule some, some time in to actually have a proper conversation about this, instead of just an off-the-cuff meeting to see if it's a potential fit, when in reality, we can't determine that without some actual time. So, if you're starting your calls by saying, "Hey, John, I value your time, so I'm gonna keep this quick." No, if you truly value John's time, and if you truly value John as a business owner, then you would conduct the entire call, because the entire call is done for a specific reason. Okay? So, patience. If a prospect says they don't have 45 minutes, reschedule for a time when they do. Do not rush the process. Keep a calm, collected, and patient attitude. If you start skipping questions or jumping to the end before the prospect is ready, the sale will never close. Accept that each call is going to take at least 60 minutes, and block out a full hour for each one. If you have events scheduled to start immediately after, then you're gonna be rushing through the call and you'll botch itSo, if someone books into my calendar, I make a mental note that that call is gonna take 60 minutes. Sometimes it'll take 40 minutes, sometimes a little longer. But the last thing you wanna do is have a 45-minute call scheduled and then schedule another meeting, like, to start five minutes after that. Because then in the back of your mind, as you're going through the call, you're gonna rush it, even though you might not be aware of that. And it will just, you'll be rushing, you'll be rushing the thing, you'll start talking over people, you won't be silent, your, your confidence will waver. And patience is just an absolute weapon. You know, remember, these, these things are weapons, right? I'm not just, I'm not just telling you to be patient just to sort of take your time through the call. I'm saying it because it's, it's actually beneficial. It works, and it's a very good technique. And it shows respect. It shows that you're calm, that you're collected. You're also professional. Like, imagine going into a doctor's office and they're, like, really impatient and they just, they just wanna get the thing over with. Like, most people come into sales calls and they just want it to be over with. Like, you know, they're just like, "Oh, I want this over with." And it's like, no, you don't. You want it to go on for the full amount of time. You wanna have the chance to ask every question. You know, every question that we have in our sales script is asked for a reason. We don't just ask random questions for no reason. Like, that would be, that would be truly not respecting someone's time. But it's important, so be patient with your calls. So, weapon number six is to work in a straight line. So, when I say straight line, what I mean here is you want to have a clear direction for the call and you want to have a clear agenda and a clear sort of frame of what's gonna happen in the next 45 minutes, and you just want to go down that line. You don't want to go off on a tangent. You want to control the conversation. Uh, obviously, there's gonna be some tangents here and there and you're, you're letting the prospect answer your questions and they could give you any answer. But you always want to maintain this sort of focus on the end result, which in the initial stage is diagnosis. So, hold focus and hold your line of questioning. So, I get this a lot, where I'll ask someone a question and they'll answer, and then they'll ask me a question. And I'm like, "I appreciate the question and we'll get to that at the end." And then I'll ask the next question. (laughs) You know, I'll just sort of dodge their question. Um, because you've got this agenda to work by and it's imperative. Like, the way that this sales s- whole, whole, this whole sales approach is, is structured is based around sort of using this step-by-step methodology that's proved in neuroscience to actually work. And as soon as you, you break off the line, or as soon as you go off on a tangent or start talking about sports or someone's daughter's degree or whatever, then it just completely breaks away from what you're actually talking about. I mean, a prime example is what I did just then. So, we're talking here about how to convert clients and make sales and I just went and talked about someone's daughter's degree, and that's where your mind went, and then you were no longer thinking about sales. So, you always want to try and keep the thing relevant, okay? Do not allow the call to go off on a tangent for the sake of building rapport or adding value. Stick to your questions, keep saying "okay" in response to their answers, and move forward in a methodical, pragmatic manner. Doing this makes you look extremely professional and serious about growing their business. Think again about the doctor. If you go to a doctor for a consultation, or a chiropractor for a consultation, or a dentist for a consultation, they're gonna ask you a list of questions before they prescribe a treatment, and you're not gonna question their questions. You're just gonna ask, answer as many questions as they have, because it's a process and a system that they have to clearly diagnose your issues. And you know that if you lie or if you ask them questions or butt in, then the chances of you having your problem solved are quite slim. So, you want to think the exact way, in the exact same way, have a line of questioning and stick to it. Business owners will recognize you have a proper sales process and this will give them confidence in your agency. So, when you do this properly, and when you conduct your sales calls in a professional, pragmatic manner with, you know, with, when you're calm, you're collected, and you're patient and, you know, you're quiet and you just have no judgment... Like, I've had it before where, in Northflo we've, I've had business owners and gym owners say to me, "You know, I was thinking about working with another company, but your sales process was so much more professional, and it was so much cleaner, and you really seemed to actually listen to us and you clearly diagnosed our problems, and I want to be working with an agency that actually understands how sales works." So, if you're worried about business owners calling you out, like, don't, because I'm giving you an awesome process and they're gonna recognize that you know what you're doing. And it should just give them some confidence that you've been able to, A, get them on the phone and, B, conduct a call in such a way that makes them think they should buy from you. Don't jump in on the call. Don't jump in talking about sports games or Facebook ads or anything like that. Just say "okay" and move on. So, if, if you ask someone a question about their marketing and they say Facebook ads, most agencies, owners will jump in and they'll start, be like, "Oh, yeah. Have you tried look-alike audiences?" Or, "Did you try, have you tried Instagram placements yet?" Or, "Yeah, have you heard of this thing? It's called, like, the pixel." Don't do it. Just say, "Okay," and move on. You know, your next question is what you should be focused on. Like, hear them out properly, let them talk, and then say "okay," and then keep moving forward this straight line. Because, like, if, if your, if your, if your dentist asks you a question, was like, "Okay, so, you know, what sort of toothbrush are you using?" And then you were like, "Okay, yeah, I'm using this toothbrush," the dentist isn't gonna say, "Oh, have you thought about this?" Or, "Have you done this, or this, or this?" No, they'll just move on to the next question. And then at the end, if they've got a suggestion, they'll make it and then they'll get you to buy it, and that's how it works. So, weapon number seven is reframing. So, if you're uncertain about a prospect's answer, frame it back to them to make sure you fully understand what they're saying. Because on sales calls, you're gonna find that people say things that don't make much sense, and it's really, really important that you understand what they're saying. In fact, it's pretty much the only reason we're doing that call in the first place, is to understand their situation. So, if we can't even understand where they're at, then we're never gonna be able to help them get where they want to be. So, our sales process revolves around having a very solid understanding of the prospect and where they're at, so don't be afraid to say something along these lines, right? So, if they give you a muddled answer, you don't quite know what it is, then you can always ask something like this: "Okay, John, just to make sure I understand, you're currently using Facebook ads, but it's not working well for you. You just started email working." Oh, sorry. "You've just started email marketing and that's not going well either, and you need a company to take care of both for you. Is that correct?" And he'll say, "Yes, that's right." And reframing demonstrates you've listened, and it will really help them in opening up to you. So, don't be afraid to reframe something back to someone. If they say something you don't quite get it, then just reframe it and just sort of go back to it and say, "Just to make su- I wanna make sure I understand this, John, because it's the most important thing for me to do here. So, what you're saying is..." And then you just sort of frame it back to them. And then they'll be like, "Yeah, that makes sense," and it just shows you've listened. So, reframing is a very powerful thing to use. It's also a very powerful thing to use in objection handling, but we'll come to that in the objection videos. So, weapon number eight is ego evasion and belief-breaking questions. So, this is a very, very powerful thing to do, and I've learned this only recently. I've been using it for a long time, but I didn't really realize I was using it. But people have beliefs and people have egos, and people's beliefs are usually tied to their ego. In, in fact, it's not usually. People's beliefs are tied to their ego. And if you challenge someone's belief, or if you tell them they're believing the wrong thing, then they're likely gonna actually just not listen to you, or their ego will just protect itself and then you won't be able to actually break their beliefs.

Because a lot of people have negative beliefs, or p- a lot of people have the wrong sorts of beliefs. And when someone buys from you, then you can change their beliefs, okay? Because when someone makes a purchasing decision, and when someone actually decides they want to be coached by you, or when they want to learn from you, then you have this sort of psychological permission to tell them what they should think. Because they've paid, and they've made the decision that they actually want to listen to you and take your advice. Because otherwise, you, you wouldn't be able to learn anything. You know, it would be like buying a book, and then you just, you go into the, into the book with, you know, with your, with your ego barriers up, and the author tries to change your belief about something, and you're like, "No way. That's not happening." Uh, that's not how this works. So when we talk about, like for example, on, on this training video, I've tried to break a lot of existing beliefs you might have, and I'm hoping, and in theory, your ego shouldn't be standing in the way of you here, thinking. You know, you should sort of come around to this stuff and realize that the beliefs you might have are wrong. And the only reason I h- I can do that, and the only reason it works, is because you've purchased from me and you trust me to guide you through this process. But on a sales call, initially, before you've, someone's actually bought from you, they don't really trust you, right? They don't, they're not gonna listen to any of your suggestions or advice, which is also why adding value on course doesn't work, because nobody's really gonna actually listen to you. And if you try to, try to correct a belief of theirs in a direct way, before they've purchased from you, it's just gonna completely fall on deaf ears, and you're probably just gonna upset their ego. So understand this. A lot of your sales calls will end in a no. This usually happens because the prospect's beliefs aren't aligned with yours, or they don't believe that what you do will work for them. And really, like, selling someone on something is just getting them to believe that it's the right thing to do. Like, when we're selling, we just want to help people make a decision, and as human beings, our decisions are driven by what we believe in. So if someone buys from you, it's because they believe that it's the right thing to do. So the key to making a sale happen is to just get someone to believe that they should s- buy, right? And as we know, beliefs are tied to ego, so the ego (laughs) is really the main thing that stands in the way of, of making a sale happen. So we want to break people's beliefs, and we want to, to completely shatter faulty beliefs that prevent them from working with us, but we can't do this directly, 'cause it, it, it fucks with the ego, okay? So you may believe you can help someone, but getting them to believe it is quite a task. And if you directly challenge their beliefs, their ego barrier will fly up, and it will never come down. So, you know, you'll basically miss out. So if you want someone to accept a belief that you have, or if you want to change someone's belief about you and your product and therefore sell them, the easiest way to do it is through intelligent questioning. And I call these questions, I call them ego evasion and belief-breaking questions, because we're gonna ask questions that break beliefs by evading the ego. So we sort of bypass the ego and, and just by, by asking someone a question that's intelligent, it's, i- it like, the purpose of that question could be to break down the belief, and by the very nature of them answering that question, it breaks down their belief. But because we've asked it in a question format, i- it, their ego doesn't quite acknowledge it. And then because they are the one to come up with the answer, it's their idea, and therefore their ego attaches to it. So this is extremely high-level psychology stuff that you need to understand (laughs) in sales, but if you really wanna change someone's mind, well, the best way to do it is to get them to change their own mind. And the easiest way to do that is to ask them a question that undermines the belief they have, and therefore changes it, okay? So understand that the prospect will not listen to your ideas or advice until they've actually bought from you, so there's no point in trying to convince them of your way of thinking directly. If we are too direct with our approach and tell the prospect what they should think or believe, we won't get anywhere. So you want to do this, you want to use questions that by the very nature or by, by the prospect answering them, undermine their belief and shatter their paradigm around it. This is just, this is just, like, nobody teaches this in sales. Like, it's just not, it, people just don't think about this, right? I- it's just, it's just so damn powerful. If someone is set in their ways, right, you're never ever, ever gonna overcome that way or that belief by just telling them that they should not believe it. Because by doing that, the ego is just gonna be like, it's gonna put its fists up and it's gonna just put its guard up and it won't let that guard down, right? But if you ask a question that's w- it's like a Trojan horse, right, you can get into their mind and you can, by when they answer that question, they sort of think, "Oh, well, that actually makes sense," and because it's their idea, like if you want someone to just believe in your idea, it has to be their idea and they have to think it. It can't be something that you give them. So an example of this would be, um, a child who doesn't want to eat, like, vegetables. Their belief is that vegetables are horrible. And the parent might go to the child and might say something like, "What specifically about vegetables do you not like?" And then the child will be like, "I don't know." And then the parent, the parent is just sort of quiet and dead silent, and then the child starts to doubt their belief about not liking vegetables, 'cause they don't know why they don't like them. They're like, "I, I don't know. I, I, I, I, I just, I just don't like them." And then the parent's like, "Oh, I understand, but, like, is there something specific? Like, if we were to remove something from a vegetable?" And they're like, the kid's like, "No," and it's like, "Oh, I see. Well, when was the last time you actually tried a vegetable?" And the kid would be like, "I don't know, like a year ago?" And then the parent would be like, "So do you think if you tried a vegetable today, that there might be something you actually like about it?""Do you reckon that could happen?" And then the kid would be like, "Yeah, I g- I guess that could happen." It's like, "Well, if you want, I can steam some broccoli for you and we can try it together. Does that, does that sound okay?" "Yeah, why not? Let's, let's try it. I might like it." (laughs) You know? Whereas if the, if the parent just went ahead and was like, "You're eating this broccoli, and if you don't, you're not, you know, going on the Xbox for a week," then the child's gonna scream and cry. But just by using an intelligent line of questioning, the, the, the parent has been able to get into the mind of the child. Now, don't take parenting advice from me. I don't have children and I probably won't for a very long time. That was just quite a trite example. But the same thing applies in sales. So I've got some examples here. So the first one, um, in Imperium, one common objection we see, or one common belief that agency owners hold is, "I don't want a program, I want it done for you." They don't wanna learn the stuff, they wanna get it done for them because they don't wanna do it. And I say, "Okay, John, let me ask you a question about that. You've just told me on this call that appointment setting is the most important thing to achieving your goal of $40,000 per month, and you don't yet have the knowledge of how to do it. I understand you want to outsource this. Tell me, how is that gonna work for you?" Or, "Tell me, John, how are you going to outsource a, a system or a process that you don't yet understand?" And we just ask them that question. We're not, we're not saying to them, you know, we're not saying, "Hey, look, you know, you have to, you know, you've, you've gotta do it yourself." Like, we're not telling them, we're just asking them, "Well, how are you gonna outsource it if you don't understand how it works? How are you gonna train someone to do appointment setting if you don't understand it? I'm really keen to understand what's your, what's your method of thinking here?" And then obviously the answer to that is they're like, "Oh, well I, I can't." And then you're like, "Okay, I totally understand. So do you see how that could create some problems for you? And do you also see how that might mean that our approach is actually preferable and could be better for your situation?" "Yeah, I guess actually you're right." (laughs) And that's how you get around these objections, okay? It's how you get around their ego and you break their belief all in one go. Another example, "Facebook ads don't work for me." "Okay, Claire, I get you. Help me understand here, what specifically about Facebook ads don't work for your business? Like what is it about Facebook ads that don't actually work?" And then she'll be like, "Oh, well I've tried it before and, and it just didn't work." And you'd say, "Okay, Claire. And before try... So did you try Facebook ads yourself?" And she'll be like, "Yeah, I tried it myself. I tried to run ads myself." And I'd say, "I totally understand. So you tried to run Facebook ads and you didn't have any previous experience before about ads. Is that correct?" And she'd say, "Yes." And then you'd say something like, "Now Claire, if I tried to build a skincare brand like you've done and I tried to build a, a website on my first go, do you think I'd be successful?" And she'd be like, "Well, of course not, because you haven't got experience about how to build a skincare brand website," if she's in the skincare niche, for example. And I'd say, "So Claire, do you see how Facebook ads might work for you? Do you see how it could potentially have been your experience with Facebook ads or your understanding of it that might have hindered your ability to actually get results and that's why this, this belief is here? Does that make sense? Am I on the right page here?" And then she'll be like, "Actually, yeah, that makes sense. Maybe I think it might actually be the fact that I just didn't know what I was doing." (laughs) Okay? And it's just, it's how you get around these things. And one more example here, I could do this all day, like it's just, I love this stuff, I love psychology. But another one could be someone could say, "Look, look Charlie, I don't wanna work with you because I don't trust marketing agencies." And I'd say, "John, I totally understand. Do you think it's possible that there is an agency out there built to serve clients with their best interests in mind?" And that's, that's a question that, you know, there's, there isn't any one answer. I mean, it's, it's logical that John says, "Well, I guess there is an agency out there. I mean, I'm sure they're not all terrible." And then you'd say, "Well John, that's exactly why I started my marketing agency, because I know there's a lot of agencies out there that aren't trustworthy and our entire business model is built around transparency and trust. So I fully understand that you don't trust marketing agencies, but I'm hoping you can, you can share my belief with my company here and we can work together. How does that sound?" We've got over their belief. Easy. Weapon nine, put all your focus on diagnosing, not closing. So you want to, when you come into the sales call, you want to release all attachment to the yes and you want to put all your attachment onto accurately diagnosing where the prospect is and where they want to be. So we have this thing in psychology called hyper-intention, which is basically where if you enter into a situation and you're, you put all of your attention and focus onto doing something really specific, then you're gonna, you're gonna mess it up basically. So forget all about the close until you've established whether or not you can actually help someone. So this is, this is really interesting to observe 'cause it happens a lot in professional sports. Like one of the main pieces of advice that professional athletes get from coaches and mentors and everything is just two words: don't think. Okay? Do you think when a, a, a professional quarterback like Tom Brady, when he's, when he's like eyeing up the field and throwing a deep ball, do you think he's consciously processing that? Do you think his, his, he's actually thinking about the end result? No, he's just operating on, on pure, like, instinct. Like he's just throwing the ball, it's released before his mind has even had a chance to think about it 'cause he's being pass rushed by five different people. Like he's not... Like he's, he's, he's not focusing specifically on getting the ball to that person, he's just letting his arm do all the work. And all of that, you know, he, all of that stuff that's been, all of the practice that he's done and his network and his brain is just making the decision for him. Now, it's slightly different in sales, but my point there is that hyper-intention would mess Tom Brady up. If he started to become consciously aware of his arm's, uh-... throw, and if he started to become consciously aware of the contractions in his elbow and his, his muscles and, and where his wide receiver was running, like he wouldn't make the shot, because his, his mental brain would actually interfere, like his thinking would interfere with his ability to actually perform. And the same thing happens in sales. When you go onto a sales call and your entire intention for that call is to get someone closed, you just sort of, you just have this tunnel vision on the s- on the close. And the close is really a consequence of clearly diagnosing someone's situation. So if you want to close someone, you have to diagnose them properly first. It's like what I talked about in the last video, with my meditation headband. I've got this technology that tracks my meditation. And I wear a headband, and I meditate with AirPods in, and as I'm meditating, if I enter a calm state, I start, uh, you, you, you hear these sort of like little birds chirping, and that's a sign that you're meditating well. And what I started to do, was I started to put all my attention on those little birds, and I wanted to just get those little birds, right? Chirping and ... 'Cause I realized that was what was, you know, what I needed, was getting the little birds, because that's how I can track whether or not I'm on the right line to meditation. And so what happened is I put all my attention onto the getting the little birds, that I removed my attention away from the thing that was producing the little birds, which was my breath. The birds were a consequence of my breath. So if I wanted birds, I had to focus on my breath, but by focusing on the birds, I was no longer focusing on the thing that produced them, and therefore they went away, and I got angry. When I actually thought about it and I was like, "Hang on, mate, the birds are a consequence of the breath." And the same thing applies to sales. The close is a consequence of correctly and properly diagnosing someone's situation, and doing it in a way that is, is professional and pragmatic. Okay? So don't come into the call with your attachment to the yes. Don't come into the call thinking, "I'm gonna close this person." Enter the call with a calm, clear mind, thinking ... The, your main objective should just be, "I'm gonna diagnose the hell out of this guy. I'm gonna diagnose him better than anyone ever has in their whole life. And he's gonna come out of this with a very clear understanding of where he is and where he wants to be, even if I don't close him." Okay? So forget all about the close until you've established whether or not you can help someone. So once y- once you've established you can help someone, then you can put all your attachment onto the close, because then it's actually appropriate to do so. But you can't get to this point until you've diagnosed them. So remember that. So weapon number ten is the word "okay". Super powerful. When your prospect answers your question, simply say, "Okay," and move forward to your next question. Okay? The word okay, it acknowledges that you've heard their answer, and it does not add any bias to the prospect's mind. So this, this weapon here, it ties in to what we talked about, um, in the straight line, because we don't want the conversation going off on a tangent, and we want to hold our focus and hold our line of questioning. And when, when the prospect answers our question, we don't want to add on a little piece, right? So do not add anything onto the prospect's answer when you're asking them questions. Don't, don't add on anything. Just let them answer, give it a few seconds, and then just say, "Okay." So, "Hey, John, tell me about what you sell with this business." And then John will say, "Well, Charlie, we currently sell three types of gym membership." And then I'd still shut up, 'cause he hasn't really told me anything about it. And then he'd say, "Oh, uh, yeah, and, and basically we have one, which is a hundred bucks a month, two, 200 bucks a month, three, 300 bucks a month, and they're, you know, based on month to month or contracts. And that's how it works." And then I would just say, "Okay. And out of those three options, John, what do you want to sell more of?" And then he'd tell me, and I would say, "Okay." I'm not gonna add anything on to what he said, because if I do that, it, it really just starts to mess with his mind. Like, he'll, he'll just, it completely ... Like his train of thought just becomes scattered, and we really want the, the, the prospect to be in this clear state where we've got this clear focus, because when we start to try and multitask in the brain, when we have multiple topics of thought in our conscious awareness or in, in our prefrontal cortex, which is the thing that processes all these high level thoughts in our brain, like, when we have two thoughts, we, we become scattered and neurotic and we can't make a decision. Like, it's the paradox of choice. Like you, you can't clearly just make a clear-cut decision. Like, you'll notice when I'm recording this, um, this video today, like I've got the PDF that I'm referring to, I've got the slideshow that I'm going through, and then in my, in my, um, desktop here, I've got my background, I've got my slides here, I've got my PDF here, I've got a sales folder that I use on a daily, I've got my slide examples, and then I've got the module I'm currently working on for se- seven figure sales strategies. And the reason I'm able to sit here and talk for two hours or three hours without having to cut a video or make loads of edits is just because I'm focusing specifically on this one thing. And I've got my agenda, like, you know, on, on this keynote here, for example. Like, I've got what I need to cover, I've got the slides to cover it, and, you know, I'm, I'm not really gonna waiver from it. If I go back through here, I need to make sure I'm at the right one, ironically. Um, but, you know, it's like, it's just, you just want to just have like a clear line of, of questioning, and this, like, um, I said, this applies to the sales call because like you don't want anything else here. If I had my email open, if I had Google Chrome open, if I had my phone pushing notifications to me, that is the equivalent of a distraction for your prospect when you, when you add onto their question. So, if, if, if you, if they answer your question and you go to add something onto it or give your opinion or say loads of stuff, it's the equivalent of the prospect receiving an email midway through the call, because it's not really relevant, and whilst you're, whilst you're asking questions, you shouldn't really be saying anything. All you're gonna do by a- by adding anything on is distract the prospect and mess with their brain and scatter them up so that they can't actually make a clear decision at the end So the only words that should be coming out your mouth for the first part of the call is just the question and then, "Okay," and then the next question. Okay? Hope that makes sense. (laughs) Pun not intended. If you start chipping in with your opinion or i- ideas, the train of thought of the prospect will be skewed and it's impossible for us to learn the truth about their situation if we add our own bias to it. Okay? All these things are tied in. Like, this okay thing, it ties in with the silence, it ties in with the non-judgment, it ties in with letting them sit with the gravity of their situation. It shows that we're confident, it shows patience, we're working in a straight line. Like, all of these things are tied in together, right? And that's that. And weapon number 11 is audio. So I prefer audio to video calls. This is up to you. I just find audio allows me to focus more on the sale and allows me to use silence as a better weapon. So nowadays I use Zoom. I usually just have my camera off, and if the prospect asks why I've got my camera off, I just say, "I prefer it," or, "My camera's not working," and I just, I just prefer audio calls. Now some of you might wanna do video calls, it's your prerogative. You can, you know, make that decision. But I find that if it's just audio, it's just ... I can sort of relax a little bit. I can, you know, I'm not worried about my, my posture or anything, I'm, or anything like that, I'm just purely focused on my script. I'm hearing what the prospect says, I've got my notes and I've got my script and I just, it, there's no video, I don't have feel like I've gotta look at the screen or make eye contact. I've gotta just focus specifically on diagnosing their situation, right? Now, you might prefer to do video calls, it's entirely up to you. I just find audio allows me to focus more on the sale and also allows me to use silence as a weapon. So that there is the Imperium Sales Arsenal

And that is basically, like, our playbook of weapons. And our script and the way that we conduct the sale is conducive to these weapons, so you need to basically use every single one of them for the whole thing to work. But (clears throat) I feel like it's just important for you to understand. So print this off, come back to this video, and rewatch it as often as you can, and make sure that you properly drill these things in and really understand them. I mean, one of the- this, this thing here, this, ego evasion and belief-breaking questions like this, this is just an absolute weapon. I seriously ... Like, weapons of mass conversion, okay? You know, we're not even joking when we say that. But all of them are powerful, and make sure you go through them. Okay. So let's continue on through these slides. So that was the Imperium Sales Arsenal. And now, let's talk about our A to Z sales process. So now you understand the foundation of sales, now you understand why people buy, now you understand the weapons that we use in sales and, and the frameworks and everything, let's actually dive into the step-by-step process that we use to take someone who's a complete stranger, who's never heard of you or your business before, and convert them into a high-paying client on one phone call. That is the objective of this script, and it's built with that purpose in mind. You can use this thing to take someone who knows nothing about you or your business and convert them into a, you know, like, multi-thousand-dollar client in one call. Possible to do. Let's get into it. So first of all, let's talk about before-the-call preparation. So there's a specific set of actions that you'll want to take before the call actually begins. And by taking these actions, your chances of success are significantly higher. Um, we would call these initial conditions. You just wanna make sure there's a few things that you've taken care of before you actually dive into the call. Like, you don't wanna just dive into the call, like, with a jumbled mind, with no preparation or anything. Like, you need to just take a couple of minutes to just get your mind straight and think about it. So five to 10 minutes before the call starts, be sure you do the following. So number one is you want to be ready with their number, prepared to dial at the exact moment the clock hits the time you're due to call. So a lot of you will be using Zoom, Zoom links. Like I, I use, I just send Zoom links now. But when you book a call with someone, you want to get their email and you also want to get their phone number. And before the call ... And I should actually add this in here. (keyboard clacking) Just type this in. Right. Okay. So five minutes before the call, obviously you want to send your prospect a Zoom link, okay? Um, so they can join you. But at the same time, you also want to be ready with their number so you can dial at the exact moment the clock hits the time you're due to call. Because some people might not have their email on, your email could go to spam. Um, like, there's all sorts of things that can happen with email. But if you cover all grounds and if you call someone at the same time, at the exact moment the clock hits the minute, then you're pretty much guaranteed to speak to them. So, you know, sometimes you might call someone and they might just be like, "Hey, I'm just joining the Zoom link." And you say, "That's absolutely fine. I'll see you in there in a second." Okay. So number two is to release any emotions or judgments you may have coming into the call. Clear your mind and enter a tranquil state. When you enter a phone call, you want to be ... Or a sales call or anything like that, you want to be clear, you want to have this just sense of tranquility and calmness. I used to do a bit of meditation before the call, I don't really have to anymore, but I would just spend five minutes focusing on my breath and just getting myself focused, getting rid of any emotions that I might have. Like, you do not want to have any emotional baggage coming across in the call. Like, even if you've had a terrible day, I don't care if you've had 10 back-to-back nos, I don't care if you've, if you've spilled hot coffee on yourself on the way up to your desk, you need to enter that call in a calm, clear manner. Otherwise, things are gonna be chaotic. Number three, stop focusing on closing, focusing on diagnosing. So when you sit down, just remind yourself that the purpose of the call to begin with is to diagnose their problem. Remember, you are like a doctor diagnosing an issue before prescribing a solution. Now, in the medical profession, prescription before diagnosis is malpractice. And a doctor that prescribes someone medicine before actually diagnosing whether or not they even need it is l- probably gonna end someone's life. So focus on diagnosing. Do not ... And also if you focus on the close, it makes the sales call really scary, if you're beginning. Like, you, you sort of get nervous about calls and stuff. And it's because you're going into the call with the frame of mind that they need to become a client, when in reality, you should just be going into the call with a frame of mind that, you know, like I said before, it's like a help call. It's not a sales call as m- as such. You know, we call them discovery calls or strategy sessions or whatever. Forget about the sale to begin with. It might sound counterintuitive, but I promise it's the best thing to do. Number four is to remove all distractions. So turn off all notifications, close all your tabs, close your email, turn your calendar reminders off, shut your door, everything. It should just be you, the phone, and a notepad. Okay? And your headphones as well. So you do not want any distractions popping up. The only way ... The best way to close calls, right, is just to have a straight line, like I said, and to take the prospect through a very specific process that follows a straight line and brings about huge amounts of clarity in their mind till they pull the trigger and make a decision. It's impossible to do that when you're distracted. Right? You want, you want, you, you want your prospect to be focused, and you want them to be in this clear, tranquil state. And the only way for that to happen is for you to be in a focused and clear, tranquil state. So we even do this before the call as wellAnd we do this in like the paid funnel modules. Like your post-sales process and like your thank-you page for your funnel and stuff should tell the prospect to be in a, in a, in a spot or an environment conducive to decision and discussion. Like you don't want prospects in like an airport or in the car. So we make it very clear to them that if they are in a car or if they take the call in a noisy place, then we will end the call because we want to be talking to someone in a, in a nice (laughs) clear manner with no distractions. So, you know, if I hear someone typing... Like if I'm on the call with someone and I start hearing them, like typing or clicking around or, you know, like constantly asking me to mute or something, I'm like, "Look, man, clearly I don't have your full attention here. Do you believe... Do you not think that your business deserves your full undivided?" And I just ask them that, and then, uh, they're like, "Oh, I'm really sorry." You know, it's most, mostly, most of the time. And then if they're like, "Oh, you know, I've just got stuff to do," I'm like, "Well listen, you're probably not the right kind of client for us. Like if you can't spend 45 minutes exploring an option to grow your business, how on earth are we going to help you grow your business? Like how are you going to find the time to even work with us if you're this distracted now?" So that's how it works. Number five, have a clean sheet of paper and a pen on your desk in front of you to write notes. Very simple. But as your prospect speaks, you just want to get into the habit of writing notes and just m- making a note of what they say because you, you will develop this over time, where you've got a very, very good memory. Like and you can just remember how much money someone's making, you can remember how many clients they've got, or, you know, what their current cost per acquisition is. But for now, like when you write down questions, you just want to write down the key things to the answer. So write down what their goal is, write down how many clients they need, and all that stuff. And just sort of like make a note, okay? Simple. Number six, if the prospect filled out a survey, have their answers in front of you. Okay? You don't want to be digging around in your email on the call to try and find out their survey questions. You should have them printed out on paper in front of you for you to make notes on. Number seven, make sure you're recording the call or, if you're on Zoom, make sure you're ready to hit the record button. So, we record all of our calls, um, by default because we use them to train ourselves and just constantly feedback and just remember what we're doing, um, and what works. So if you're on Zoom, you can just say to the person, "Awesome, John. Well, before we get started here, I want to make sure it's okay with you that I record this call, um, just because it means that we can refer back to it at a later date. Is that okay?" Most of the time, people will be fine with it. The odd person might say they're not okay with it, but, you know, it's, it's up to you whether... y- you could just use voice notes or something and just... Because the recordings that you have, you're only gonna be using for yourself and you just delete them afterwards So don't lie to people. (laughs) I'm not saying you should record someone without their permission. I'm definitely not saying that at all. Um, but at the same time, recognize the value of recordings and just try your best to get the call recorded. Number eight, use headphones so you can talk with your hands. So it's... You really don't want to be on the phone. Like I know you're going to be using Zoom, so it's probably unlikely, but you want to be able to have your hands and you want to be able to gesture with your hands so that you're free to express yourself. I do this a lot when I'm talking, when I'm trying to be... well, when I am in a confident state of mind. When I'm pitching someone, I really just talk with my hands a lot. And if I have my phone like up to my face, I can't really use my hands. So, use headphones. And number nine is make sure your environment is quiet and you'll have no distractions. So I covered this a second ago, but another thing here is like, you don't want any distractions. So, you know, in your environment, if you've got roommates, tell them to shut up. If you've got family members, tell them you've got a call. Make sure you've been to the toilet before. I can't tell you how many times I've got towards the end of a call only to die of needing a piss, right? (laughs) And then I'm there like, "Oh, I need to go to the toilet really badly and I'm trying to focus and I'm trying to ask questions." And then I'm like... you know, and I can't focus, you know? So just... It might sound like crude or elementary, but just make sure you've attended to your biological needs before you actually s- talk to someone for 60 minutes because you don't really want to have to ask people to go and, like, and wait Um, you know, I've done it before where someone's like, "Yeah, I'm just gonna go and get my card." I'm like, "Awesome. While you do that, I'm just gonna run to the toilet quickly 'cause I drank too much water before this call." Um, you know, you can do that. Or if someone's like, "Can you give me some time to think about it?" I'm like, "Yeah, of course. I'm just gonna run to the toilet and then let's talk about it and, you know, we can get you on board." You know, you can use it in any way. But just... you wanna try and (laughs) just make sure that you've got 60 minutes with, with no needs or nobody sort of... You don't want people knocking on your door. You don't want your dog whining for you to feed it. You just want to be in a quiet environment. So, let's dive into this script. So the script we use revolves around 12 different sections and it's absolutely imperative that you do this script in the steps that we show you. So it's section by section. You do not jump from section one to section six. You don't jump from section three to section seven. You do this thing in a step-by-step, section-by-section manner. Otherwise, it creates neuroticism and chaos in the prospect's mind and also your own, and your chances of closing them are next to none. If the prospect tells you they haven't got enough time to go through a 45-minute call, then you tell them to reschedule. If you can't conduct the call in the full... Like, if you can't do the full script, then the chances of the sale happening are very slim So yes, you can be flexible sometimes, but at the same time you want to just keep a rule of thumb that you want to go through the whole thing. So, let's start off by talking about the first section of the script here. Um, and this script, by the way, is called... if I bring it up here, we've got 7 Figure Sales Strategies. Okay? It's called the Imperium Conversion... or sorry, the Imperium Agency Conversion Script. So this one will be available... I'm not gonna, you know, walk you through... Well, I'm walking you through the script now, but you can download this one and I'm gonna walk you through it. So make sure you watch this part of the video because it's gonna walk you through why we do what we do and some intricacies as wellSo, this script has been built to take people from strangers to clients on one 45-minute phone call using a very specific, uh, methodology, and it basically revolves around 12 sections. So, let's jump in and look at it. So, section number one is called micro rapport, and this is basically the first one to two minutes of the call where we just talk to the person. So, here's what we do. So I would say ... And by the way, I'm gonna use the name Claire as an example. So I'd say, "Hey, Claire. Charlie Morgan here," and then I'd be quiet and Claire would say, "Oh, hey, Charlie. How are you?" Or, "Hey, Charlie. G- good to meet you," or something. And I'd say, "How are you today, Claire?" And she'd tell me, and we'd have a bit of back and forth. And I'd say, "Have you had a good week?" And she'd tell me, and then we'd sort of go back and forth. And then I'd say, "Great. Well, if you're ready, Claire, we can jump in and get started." And then I'd just ask and then Claire would probably say, "Yep, let's do it." So, this, this really is just one to two to three minutes. Like, even then, like I've, I've had this happen, it's just like 20 to 30 seconds. Depends on the, the, the sort of personality of the person you're talking to. Like, some people might just be pragmatic and wanna get on with it. But you wanna have a quick, like, minute or so of just brief discussion about how they are, you wanna say how the week's going and everything, and, you know, "Where are you calling from," or, you know, "What's, what's the, what's the COVID situation been like over there?" Just this general chitchat you can have. Like, we don't want to dive into 10-minute discussions about Super Bowl or what happened in the latest tennis match or the news or whatever. You really just want to jump in and get started. So we say, "Great. If you're ready, we can jump in and get started." So, then we move on to section number two in the script, and this is what I call agenda and alpha frame. So, what we say is, "Okay, so what we'll do here is I'll start off by asking you some questions about your business, your goals, and the application you sent through. Then, if it sounds like we're a good fit, I'll explain our program and how that works. Then, at the end, you can decide if you want to be part of it or not." And then you just be quiet, and then they say, "Okay, sounds good." Now, sales happen when you have an alpha role. And to have the alpha role means that you have to set the agenda, because the prospect isn't gonna do this for you. Like, you need to have a clear understanding of what's gonna happen on the call, and you need to tell the prospect what's gonna happen on the call so that it's predictable and you can follow a straight line. Because what you do here is you tell them you're gonna start off by asking some questions, and then you tell them you'll explain them the program if you think it's a good fit, and then you tell them they can decide if they wanna be part of it or not. So, they're basically saying, "Yeah, okay, that sounds good. Let's do it." So they're just basically saying, "Yes, you have my permission to ask me a load of questions, and then I understand that you'll tell me how it works if you think it works." And then the other thing, and this is very subtle, the other thing is they agree to make a decision at the end, because it is like just this little subconscious thing. It's like, "At the end, you can decide if you wanna be part of it or not." So they basically agree subconsciously to making a yes or no decision and keeping it binary for us. Um, and that's really how it works. So we want to assume the alpha role here. If the prospect says, "Oh, no, no, no. I, I don't wanna do that," like, "I wanna ask you some questions," or, "No, I haven't got time for that," or, "No, I, I'd rather you just explain how it works off the bat," well then, first of all, you would try and just dodge their questions and reframe it. So if they were like, "No, Charlie, I wanna ... You know, actually no, I've, I've, I've got a lot of questions I wanna ask you. I'd rather just do it like that," I'd say, "Okay, John, well, how this call will go," or, "What we'll do here is I'll start ..." And I just reframe the agenda Um, if, if John or Claire or whoever they are, if they're adamant that it's gonna be their way, then you just end the call. Like, you have to have it's, you have to have this attitude of like, "It's my way or the highway." Because if someone takes control of the call this early on, then it will never close and it's not worth your time doing. So, you start off, you state the agenda, you assume the alpha role by just controlling the call, and if they don't like it, then, well, you just tell them, "Well, John, listen, I apologize if, if I've mis- if you've misunderstood or if I've misled you in any way here, but that's not how these calls go. And if you thought you could come on here and, and lead this call, then I'm sorry, but that's not how we conduct business, so I'm gonna have to end the call." And then you just end the call. And then you just, you just do it, and you have the integrity. You know? Don't be desperate for sales. If someone doesn't want to do things your way, then don't do it. Okay? That's that. So, section three is to establish their primary motive. So, what we want to do here is we want to say this, "Okay, let's get started. So, Claire, can you tell me what motivated you to put this time aside and take this call with me today?" Because what we're doing with this question is it's really just a ... It's kind of just like a, a shot in the dark to see if we can establish their primary motivation off the bat immediately and just get them to reveal exactly why they're here Now, most of the time, if your prospect is on the call, they know they're there because they've got a problem and they know that you might be able to improve their situation. But as we mentioned, they're in this agitated state of m- of slight awareness. They don't really know why they're there. They might not have their clear motivation established, and therefore, like, this answer, the answer to this question might just be a bit gray. It might be like, "Oh, well, I, I saw that you help gyms get more members and I need more members, so it would be cool to know more about that." But sometimes you'll get straight to the gold, you know? And, and the person can be like, "Well, Charlie, I've been checking out your content. I know that you have a program and I know that you've got some good results for clients, and I'm honestly just looking to get on board with you as soon as possible because I really think you're the right fit for us." And then you've just, it's like bingo, just gold immediately. If some- if that happens, you still take them through the whole script, by the way, because you say to them, "Okay, I understand, and I appreciate how transparent that has been. At the same time, um, I want to make sure that you're the right fit for us, so I'm still gonna continue asking questions, if that's okay." And then they'll, they'll ask you questions. And sometimes this question will reveal the prospect's motivational desire, which is what we're looking to root out and leverage. Uh, if you get this the first try, then awesome, but if not, you can use these questions to dig deeper So what you can say here is, "When you say 'blank,' what do you mean exactly?" So it's like, you know, if they're like, "Oh, well, you know, I've just got some issues with my marketing at the moment and I need some help fixing them," so, like, you know, it's, it's not a, it's not a very straightforward answer. Like, we haven't really established their primary motivation there. So what we could say is, "Okay, well, when you say 'issues,' what do you mean exactly?" You know, "We just wanna get some clarity on this stuff," or, "Could you explain these issues in a little more depth?" Or, "Why do you think these issues exist," or, "Have you already tried to fix them? If so, what have you tried? And how long have these issues existed for?" So we're just sort of testing the water a little bit here, taking a bit of a shot in the dark to see if we can establish what their problem is off the bat and why they're here, and, you know, we're just fleshing it out a bit. Because you've gotta realize that someone, if, if someone's booked a call and if they've put time aside to talk to you and if they've actually shown up to the call, then they are there for a reason. They have a motivation and they have a problem that needs to be solved. People don't just book calls and show up for calls for no reason. And your job in this initial stage is to forget about getting them closed and it's more about getting them diagnosed, as I keep repeating. So, we want to establish their primary motive So section number four is to understand where they're at. So at this point, we should now sort of have

... built a bit of rapport with them, we should have set the agenda, and we also have a brief understanding of why they're here. But now we really want to just dive into their business and really understand their current situation. So if you remember here, when we talked about those two, like, diamond-like squares, and you've got the red one on the left and the blue one on the right, where you've got their current situation, their desired situation, and we want to separate those two things. Well, the purpose of section four here is just to clearly define where they're currently at, because we need to just properly take some time to deeply understand how things are going for them at the moment. Because until we do that, we can't really understand where they want to be. Like, we need a contrast. So let's look at this. So, understanding where they're at. So we'd say this: "Okay, Claire, so what do you sell with this gym?" Or, "What do you sell with this business?" Or, "What do you sell with this company? Okay, and how do you structure your pricing? What prices do you charge? Okay, and out of all of your services, what do you want to sell the most of? Okay, what does your ideal or dream customer look like? Okay, and what are the key selling points about your business? Why do people buy from you? Like, what's the big promise? Okay, and what main problem are you solving for your customers? Okay. What's the sales process that takes someone from a stranger to a paying customer with you?" And that's section four. So, you can see here, what we've really done is we've just taken a, a pretty quick dive into their company. After section four, you should really understand what they sell. You should understand how much they sell it for. Then you should also understand what they want to sell the most of. And that's really important because gyms, for example, they sell a lot of different stuff. They might have personal training, they can sell hoodies, they can sell nutrition stuff, they can sell protein shakes, they can sell memberships. They might have three different types of membership, God forbid any more than that. And then, like, you just want to clearly define, like out of all that stuff, like, what do you want to sell the most of? Because what you want to do is position yourself and anchor yourself as the vehicle or the bridge for them to sell the most of what they really want to sell. 'Cause if I latched onto a gym that sold hoodies, or T-shirts, and they didn't really want to sell any more T-shirts and I made the whole sales call about them selling T-shirts, then I'd get to the close and I'd be trying to leverage a product they don't really care about. (laughs) So, you know, you wanna figure that out and ask them what they want to sell the more- most off, because that's gonna be the thing that really is gonna help them achieve their dream. And then the other thing we understand is what sort of customers they want. So what we're doing with, with the ideal customer question here is we're just really coming to terms with what sort of leads they want. So if you're a lead gen agency or an appointment-setting agency, you want to make a serious note of this, because they might be like, "Well, I really like working with women between the ages of 25 and 55 who are within a 10-mile radius of my business." Now, when you go to pitch them, you know exactly what they want. And really, all you have to do in your pitch is just tell them what they want to hear. So you say, "So what we can do, John, is we can get women between the ages of 25 and 50 within 10 miles of your, of your gym through the door, and we can get 50 to 100 of those coming in per day. Now just-" uh, sorry, "per month. And just so I'm clear, that's the sort of people you want, isn't it?" You know (laughs), you just, you use that, you leverage this stuff. And then the other thing we understand is the key selling points of the business. So we understand, like, what makes them good and what makes them better than other companies, which usually isn't very, you know ... 'cause it's interesting here, because you'll find that the key selling points businesses think they have are the same. Like, you know, I, I, if I ... Uh, we do this in the agency calls, for example, I'll be like, "What's the selling point for your business?" And then they'll be like, "Ah, yeah, we've just got better customer service." And then I ask another gym down the road, and they're like, "Yeah, we've got better customer service." I'm like, "Well, apparently everyone's got better customer service." Um, (laughs) you know, you see how that works. But nonetheless, you still want to understand the USPs. Um, then the other thing we understand is the main problem they're solving for customers, um, and then also the sales process that takes them. Um, you know, what, how do you really take someone from stranger to client? Because we want to understand what they're currently doing for marketing. We want to understand the sales conversions and everything. So, section number five is to indirectly cause pain. Now, the other thing here as well with section four is we're gonna be, in the whole script here, we're gonna be editing this to have more stuff in it, right? So these are the basic questions you want to add here. Um, but for example, with Northflow, we also have a question like, "Okay, what's your sales conversion rate like?" Right? And, you know, we'll ask all sorts of questions like, you know, how many, you know, like, all this and all that. How many, like, what staff have you got, or how big's your team? Like, depending upon your niche, you're gonna want to add more questions, but we'll be covering how to modify your script in future videos, so don't worry about this for now. Just understand the principles that underpin this stuff, and, you know, if you think... Like, with e-commerce, for example, you might want to ask them, you know, "What, what platform do you use? Are you using WooCommerce? Are you using Shopify? Like, are you, what are you on?" And then that- they'll tell you. Like, don't just think that these questions are what you're limited to. These are flexible, and we'll modify them in a future video. So section number five is to indirectly cause pain. So, if you remember, the whole reason people are gonna buy from us is because they're in pain, and we want to cause them this pain so they actually buy from us. But we can't do this directly. We can't just sort of tell them they're in a shit situation. They need to tell us. So what we want to do here is ask them questions, intelligent questions, that by the very nature of them answering them, cause them pain. So, this is section five. So, what we'll say is, "Okay, well, how are you currently getting customers? How do you, or h- how, do you know how much it costs you to get a customer? Okay, do you have a system or process in place to get customers on demand? Okay, are you comfortable with how it's going on this growth side of the business, or on the growth side of the business? Or are you comfortable relying on this current style of operation," whatever.And then we also ask, "Okay, how much money are you making per month with this business at the moment?" So, what we do here is, to be honest, most, like if, if a business owner is on a call with a marketing agency, it's because they're not currently getting customers. So if we ask them how they're currently getting customers, then they're probably going to say, "I don't know." And by saying that, by admitting they don't really know how they're currently getting customers, or by saying, "Well, we only really have referrals," it's going to start to cause some pain in their mind and they're going to start to feel uncomfortable. And what we're doing here, is like I said, we're letting them sweat with the weight and the gravity of their current situation, like, we're building up this problem in their mind. And the same thing, "Do you know how much it costs you to get a new customer?" Like, they've probably got no idea. Like, we do this in Northflow, we have more questions here like, "What's your show-up rate on appointments? How many appointments are you conducting per week at the moment?" And they're like, "Oh, like, three." And then you don't say anything, you don't say, "Oh, God, only three?" Because that would trigger their ego. You just let them sit with it, you say, "Okay," and then you move onto your next question. Same thing here, "Do you have a system or process in place to get customers on demand?" We know that they probably don't, but we ask them this question, and then when they admit they don't, they're like, "Oh, shit, is that something that I should have? Like, this guy's asking me about a system for customer acquisition, like, I, I don't have that. Oh, God, may- maybe I should." And they start playing this, this sort of movie in their mind of, of, of it being bad. Because most people aren't aware they have this problem, you know, they, they know they're on the call for a reason, but they don't really know why and we use these questions to define why. And then the same thing with the fourth question, like, "Are you comfortable with how it's going? Like, are you comfortable with the current rate of growth of your company?" "Oh, no. No, not at all actually, that's why I'm on this call." Bingo. If someone says, "That's why I'm on this call," then you know that you've created clarity, right? And that's, that's how you know you're doing this right. And then the last question here is really important, and I've, I've s- I've put an asterisk next to this and I've put it in bold, because you must get a specific monthly revenue figure before proceeding. Do not proceed with the call until you have this. Getting this number is imperative to closing the deal. It helps the prospect associate you and your offer with their income. So what we, what we do here, by asking them how much money they're making per month, is we get a clear metric on their current situation. Like, nothing defines where a business is at better than how much money it's currently making. So what we want to do here is ask the prospect that, and by the way, if you're worried about asking someone how much money they're making, you really shouldn't be, because it's quite common in business. Like, like, this is publicly available information, especially in the UK. You can just look up a company and see how much money it's ma- it's making. Like, it's, business owners aren't cagey with this stuff. Um, you know, it's usually quite common knowledge. So you ask them how much they're making a- and then they just tell you, and then they've associated their current situation with a number and a metric And we've, and to, and basically what we've done by asking them this is we've now clearly defined where they're currently at. So this is the first stage to separation, is just getting, like, getting a really good grip on where they're currently at. Like, understanding where they're at and then basically saying, "Right, you should be in pain because of where you're currently at and, like, the way you're operating this business." And then now they're uncomfortable, right? So we've created this, this one force that's going to work in our favor, because now they realize they've, they've got a bad situation, they need to realize that they should do something about it. So, by doing this, you know, half of the battle is now won, because we've, we've defined where they're at, they know where they're at, we know where they're at, and now they're in pain, because they're probably not very comfortable with where they're at And then what we do here is we have section six, which is where we define their goal and future pace it. So what we want to do here is build another force in our favor. So we want to have, like, a push-pull sort of thing, where we've got their, um, we've got their current situation, like, you know, they're being pushed away from their current situation, but then we also want them to be pulled towards their goal. And the way we do this is by clearly defining their goal, and then doing something called future pacing. Now, future pacing is basically where we get the prospect to paint a picture of where they could be, and we get them to clearly articulate and define what it would feel like and what their life would be like if they had achieved the goal that they've set for themselves. So let's look at this So section six, define their goal and future pace it. So, we'd say, "Okay, Claire, what is the 12-month goal for this business?" And then Claire will basically, she'll tell you her goal, you know, "What, where do you want to be in 12 months? What's the goal in 12 months?" And then you say, "Okay, and how much money do you want to be making per month with this business 12 months from now?" And once again, you must get a specific dollar figure or a dollar per month figure before moving forward. And if they're a bit scattered and don't have a goal, then spend some time defining it with them. Just keep asking them questions and, you know, they need to be the one setting the goal, otherwise it won't be theirs to achieve. So don't put words in their mouth, just ask them, "What do you want to achieve?" And then just get it nice and clear. Like if they're like, "Oh, I'd quite like to be doing, uh, like, you know, 100 members or something," I'd be like, "Awesome. So what would that look like in terms of monthly revenue? Like how much would you be making per month with 100 members?" And you just clearly define what they want. You know, you've, you've, you've taken the time here to, to cause pain and to find where they are, and now you want to define where they could be. And so now we've defined their goal, what we want to do is, is obviously future pace it, because a goal on its own is not gonna be enough for someone to actually act to make a decision Like, if you've ever thought about setting a goal for yourselfLike, it's not just the goal that sort of drives you, it's the reason behind the goal. It's the, it's the thing that fleshes it out. You, you've really gotta take some time here on the call to, not only define what the prospect wants, but then also define the implications of them actually getting it. Because it's the reasons and motivations behind that goal which is why actually, why people are actually doing it. Like, if someone wants to get to 40K a month, it's not because they want to get to 40K a month, it's because getting to 40K a month allows them to buy a Lamborghini. And the real reason for growing the business is not to grow the business, but it's because the business is a vehicle for them getting something else. So, this, this sort of financial goal here is kind of like a, well, it's like a mirage. You know, it's kinda like smoke and mirrors, like, it's not the main thing for the prospect, so we need to sort of dig a little deeper here and figure out why they want this goal, okay? Because everyone has a magic number, everyone has an idea of where they want their agency to be. For most new agency owners, it's 10K a month. For most people, at 10K a month, it's 100K a month. For your niche, it's gonna be different. You need to understand this, but let's talk about the next step. So this is still in section six, and once we've clearly defined their s- th- where they wanna be, like once we've got a dollar figure, we can move forward. If you ha- if you don't, if you can't get these dollar figures, end the call. Like, if the person won't tell you how much they want to make or if they won't tell you how much they want to make, then you just say, "Okay, John, well, I appreciate your time here, but I don't think I can help you." And if they say, "Oh, w- why?" You say, "Well, because in order for me to help you out, I need to clearly understand what I'm helping you do here, and what I'm helping you do is make money, but how am I gonna be motivated to improve your business if I don't know what it's act- what my work is actually doing for you?" So, if people don't give you this, then just don't move forward. So, let's do some future pacing. So, we'd start off and we'd say, "Okay, Claire, so, what is your motivation for getting this business to $40,000 per month?" Whatever that number could be. Might not be 40K, could be something else. Probably is something else. "Okay, how would the business change if you got it to 40K per month? Like, what would, w- how, how would that change? Like, what would that have an impact on the business like? How would, w- what would change operationally for you?" And you'll get answers to this, people will be like, "Oh, I'd hire a manager, I'd be able to work on the business," and all that. And then we'd say, "Okay, and how would getting to 40K a month have an impact on other areas of your life?" Like, what we want to do here is really understand what implications this will have on their life. Because what we want to do here is really just flesh out the reasons for them wanting this. Because as we do this, we start to build this force that plays in our favor, because at the moment, they're in pain because we've built the pain, and so they're basically being, you know, they're being pushed away from their current situation. But then, we also want to build pleasure, right? By getting them to imagine where they could be. We want to get them to really picture and, and feel what would happen if they achieve this goal. So, as you remember, we have the main motivation for people buying things is pain, but the second one is pleasure, moving towards pleasure So, by asking these questions, we build out temporary pleasure in their mind, we also build out pain, and then we've got these two forces of human nature working in our favor. So, they want to move away from the pain of where they're at, and they want to move towards the pleasure of where they could be. And then, all you have to do at this point afterwards, in a bit, is then position yourself as the (laughs) person who can get them out of that pain and get them the pleasure. Works the charm. So your job here is to support them with their vision. So, what you want to do is help them flesh out their goal and make them see what's possible, and get them to picture what it would be like if they were achieving their goal. Future pace their goals, dreams, and desires. And if they are aiming too low, you want to ask them some questions like, "Do you think going beyond that is possible?" Because wha- what will happen here sometimes, if people really have bad beli- like, when I say bad beliefs, I just mean limiting beliefs. Like, if someone's doing, like, 5K a month in their business and they, and you ask them where they wanna be in 12 months and they say, "7K a month," like, that's not a big leap. Like, it's not enough for them to really get motivated to buy. And, um, you know, yeah, sure, like, it's an extra 24K, yeah, like it's a big deal, but it's not, like, gonna be life-changing. They're not gonna be like, "Oh, Charlie Morgan changed my life." Like, "Charlie Morgan made me see what's possible." Like, they're not gonna say that about you, and therefore you don't wanna, you know, encourage that So, you want to ask them questions and really sort of support them in their vision, and just, just open up their eyes to what's possible. Like, if someone's on a call with me, like agencies, and I'm like, "Where do you wanna be in 12 months?" And they're like, "Oh, I'd quite like to have five clients." I'm like, "Five clients? Dude, you could have like 20 clients if you play your cards right. Would you want 20 clients? Yeah, awesome. Well, I mean, with the right guidance, do you think that's possible? Yeah, of course 20 clients is possible, yeah. Th- that makes sense. So what would that be for you financially, 20K a month? Okay, well, well, could we establish, and I don't wanna put words in your mouth here, but could we establish that 20K a month is a realistic goal for you with the right support?" And they say, "Yeah, of course." And then you've tied, you know, your, your service to them and now they know they, they need your support. So that's how it works. And another one you can ask is this, at the bottom. So if they're aiming too low, you can say this. "So, Claire, most people answer these questions with their current problem of marketing in mind. You know, you're answering this question, you wanna get to a certain amount of money, even though you've got this existing problem. So, ask yourself this: if you really did crack the marketing and solve this problem, what do you think would be possible?" 'Cause what we want to do here is sort of just make them realize what's possible, but we want to make them realize that, if they work with us and they solve this problem, a lot le- less is gonna open up a lot more possibilities for them And by doing, by asking them this question, like if we want to just open up their mind, then, you know, they'll, they'll start to think about what will happen if they no longer have this problem, and then it obviously creates all this pleasure, and that's that. So, section number seven is what we call prospect admits defeat. So until this point, we've got, we've built pain, we've built pleasure. They know where they wanna be, they know where they are, and we've created a big gap. And now what we want them to do is to basically admit that they can't bridge this gap on their own. And if you remember here, we have this diagram. So now what we've done, up until section seven of the, of the call, we've got where they're at and where they want to be. We understand this, they understand this. We've, we've tied in some emotions with this. They're uncomfortable, but they're also in a, in a position of, of like pleasure because they think about where they want to be. By the way, that position of pleasure will fade quite quickly back into pain, and it just creates more pain. So, the reason we future pace is to build them up, and then only for them to realize that they can't actually do it on their own, and then they kind of have to buy from us, because if they want to get that, then they have to buy from us. That's how we position ourselves. So we have this gap, and this is the problem that a lot of people run into So, what we want to do in section seven is to get the prospect to admit that they cannot bridge this gap on their own, because if the prospect thinks they can bridge the gap on their own, they're never gonna buy from you. It is the ultimate objection, right? If, if, if, if the prospect believes that they can achieve their goal, like, by themselves, then they have no reason to invest in you. And, you know, you want to just clarify that they actually can't help themselves. So we do it by this, with this question, in section seven. "Okay, Claire, so you're currently making..." and let's just say Claire said 10K, "You're currently making 10K a month, and you want to get to 40K a month. Tell me..

What's stopping you from doing this on your own? And we'd be quiet. And if Claire says, "You know what? I don't think anything's stopping me from doing this on my own. I think I can do this myself," what Claire has done is she's established that she can bridge the gap by herself. It's very rare this happens, but if she says that, you just say, "Okay, Claire. Well, I don't think there's much point in us continuing on with this call, then, is there?" And she'd be like, "Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. W- why? Why? Why not?" And you say, "Well, I, I don't see how you need my help. If you can achieve your goal on your own, then I don't think that I need to do anything for you. I think my work here is done as far as I'm concerned." And then, you know, she might backtrack and be like, "Oh, well, n- no. I do need your help, you know. I'm just thinking that, like, you know, it's, it's impossible." But if someone thinks they can do it by themselves, then don't carry on with the call. You know, a lot of this- a lot of these- a lot of these questions, like we're asking, to almost look for excuses to not work with people. Now that's not what we're doing, but if people answer these questions and you just- i- it just becomes apparent you can't help them, then just end the call. And if they don't wanna do it your way, end the call. Like you need to establish this power and this prowess on these calls, because then you have authority. You have, you have the alpha frame. You have the agenda in mind, you know. People aren't gonna challenge you, just- you're just this powerful dude. And then like, you know, people aren't used to salespeople turning down opportunities for sales, and if you just say to someone, "Well listen, I don't think that I'm gonna be able to help you." I did this before. This was like two weeks ago, with a, with a really awesome client. He's on board now. And, um, and he was talk- we were talking about the program for Imperium, and he was- he's a really cool guy, um, and he's doing quite well. He said he hasn't got any time to do a program. And I fleshed it out a bit, and I said, "Okay. Well, I, I totally understand that, so it seems to me like w- like we might not be a good fit. Does that seem like a fair assessment to you?" And he'd be like, uh, he was like, "Yeah. Well, well, I, I suppose, but, but I do have a virtual assistant that could do the program." And then, you know, we got him on board because his VA's now going through the program. Uh, I say VA, but it's more like a manager. So he- at the end of the call, he said, "Charlie," he said, "If you keep selling like this, you're gonna have no trouble growing this business." And I said, "I know that, but I really appreciate (laughs) the kind words." Um, it's just an awesome way to sell, because we're no longer these desperate salespeople that are going in for the close. Like I said, we're going in for the diagnose, and one of the key diagnosing questions we have to ask here, um, is, is obviously this one. Like, you know, "You're at this, you wanna be to this. What's stopping you?" And what we basically have here is you'll basically have one of three statements from the prospect, and you want to listen out for one of these three statements before you move forward. And if the prospect doesn't give you one of these three s- well, I call them defeat statements- but if you don't get one of these three statements, or at least words to this effect, then you want to reframe the prospect's answer until you actually do have it. So the defeat statement number one, and the most common one, is Claire will be like, "Oh, well, I just don't think I know how to do it," or, "I can't do it on my own," or, "I need some professional support. Like I don't, I don't have the knowledge to do this. I don't have the technical prowess. I don't have the systems. I don't have the understanding. I can't do it." That's defeat statement number one. She's admitting defeat. Now, she's not admitting defeat in the respect that she can't get her goal, but she's just admitting the fact that she can't do it on her own. And when we do this, she's just sort of basically admitting to us that she needs our help, inadvertently. And then the second one could be this. She says, "Well, I think I could do it, but I just want to do it faster, or I want to get a shortcut," in which case, we're just selling Claire a shortcut to 40K a month. Like she's like, "Yeah, I mean, I could probably figure out how to, how to get there on my own, but I feel like I'd rather just cut that time in half and just, if I can get someone who's already done it, then I can get there a lot quicker." So that's the second reason. And number three is something along the lines of, "Well, I just wanna follow a proven system, and I want some mentorship from someone who's actually done it," or, "I wanna be mentored by an expert," or, "I need an expert to do this for me." So if the- you basically want to get one of these three dis- defeat statements before you move forward. So if, if, if Claire asks, like if she, if she gives a really muddled and weird response that doesn't quite make sense, then what you want to do... Like if she said, for example, if she said, "Oh, yeah. Well, um, what's stopping me from doing this on my own? I think it's just honestly it's just not having, like I need the right manager. I just need a system, and, you know, I've been trying for a while. It just, just hasn't been working very well, and, and, you know, it's just that." Then I would reframe that and say, "Okay, Claire. Let me just make sure I've got this clear. So what you're saying here is you know you want to get there, but you just don't quite have the knowledge on how to do it. Is that accurate?" And then she'd say, "Yes," right? And then she's just admitting the defeat, right? (laughs) You know? It's just inadvertent. Um, it's indirect. You wouldn't just say, "Okay, Claire. So what you're saying is..." Or you wouldn't just say- you wouldn't say this, for example. "Okay, Claire. Um, it looks to me like you haven't got the knowledge to the- to bridge this gap. Does that- is that accurate?" You know? Because then it's just like her ego flies up. Like you just want to ask it in more of a- an indirect manner. You want to hedge your questions. But anyways, we ask this question. We get them to admit defeat. They can't do it on their own, and then they say one of these three statements, or words to this effect, and then we can move forward to section eight. So section eight is establishing emotion and deep conviction. So what we want to do now is, is really sort of drive the nail into the coffin of the prospect's emotional mind, and we really want to just create some massive emotions in them and really root out these emotions and just create what I call deep conviction so they really want to do it. We want to be certain here. Like when you're asking these questions, it's just so that you can qualify that the prospect is absolutely certain they want to do this and you really want to understand why. So section eight. "Okay, Claire. So you're currently making 10K a month. Why not continue with what you're doing and stay where you are?" And, "Okay, and how is struggling with this business having an impact on you?"Or, "How is struggling with this problem having an impact on you?" Or like, "How is not being at 40K a month have an impact on you?" Like it's, you want to ask the same question that you did in, in the previous section, like, you know, defining their goal and asking them how it'd have an impact on them. But you just want to invert it and get them to sort of restate it in a negative frame. And then we say, "Okay, and when do you want to fix this problem?" Uh, and, "Okay, I understand you want to fix this now, but what is your level of commitment to making it happen?" So what we're doing here is, we're just wrapping up the whole process in emotion. Because the responses to these questions will be emotional, and they'll bring in reasons for why they should change, why there's, why it's having an impact on them, why they want to fix it now, how committed they are to actually making it happen. And all of this stuff just leads us closer and closer to getting them closed. And these questions bring up some deep emotions. You know, I've genuinely had people cry when answering these questions before. You know, whether it's paying for a relative's medical bills, a phobia of failure, a ruined marriage, or anything like that, there's always a powerful reason behind why someone wants to change and grow their business. And what we've been able to do up until this point is go from this state of agitation and, and basic awareness, you know, if you remember all the way back through here, what have we got? Where are we? Okay, so if you remember in section three, we're asking them what motivated them to put this time aside. And at this point, you're probably gonna get a very gray and unclear answer. They don't really know what motivated them to book this call. But by the time we've got to section eight, right, now we've got a very, very, very clear understanding. And we understand their reason for being on the call, and so do they. And that reason is gonna dredge up a lot of emotions. It's gonna m- make them sit with the gravity of their situation, and they'll realize they need to make a change, and then they'll make a change, they'll buy from you. And now we are in prime position to tell them what we do and bridge this gap for them, and show them that we can bridge it. And think, we all have deep-set desires and reasons for wanting to grow. We may not be aware of them, but they're there, and they rule our lives. And until you make the unconscious conscious, it will rule your life and you will call it fate. That's a quote from Carl Jung. And most people on these calls, like, were rooting up shit from the unconscious. Like, I'm not even joking here. Like, we're asking these questions, and just by asking them, we're bringing up, all these emotions are bubbling up, this fear, this panic, this anxiety, this pain, the, the feeling of, of... All, all this stuff will just start to just play on the prospect's mind. And they didn't necessarily know these reasons were there. Most, some of them will, but most of them have never given it much thought, 'cause it's painful to think about. And, you know, mine, mine personally, for growing my business, I, I started my agency because I was insecure, I was terrified of an average nine-to-five job, and I was jealous of my successful friends. You know, I would have done anything to satisfy these desires. And they, they, that was what motivated me to start, and that's why I buyed my, bought my first course. Like, I can recognize this back now, and I can look back at how this stuff has worked on me as well. But you must root these reasons out, and let the emotions associated with them bubble up from the subconscious. People aren't going to buy because you use a pixel or have the latest copy. They'll buy because they have solid reasons for growth. Okay? I hope this nails the point home of selling the ends and not the means. People are gonna buy from you because they see that you can bridge the gap from where they are to where they want to be. They're gonna buy from you because they have very specific reasons, they have very specific emotional needs, wants, and desires, and they see you and your product as a vehicle for th- to make that happen. As soon as you start talking about pixels or copy or funnels, then they stop thinking about their situation and then their mind's in a different place. So up until this point, we haven't even discussed what you do. We've just discussed where they're at. And we've built them up, and now we've really lined up the target. We're like a sniper, like, lining up its target in the scope, and we're basically ready to fire. And so we do this in section nine. We have a statement of confidence and permission to explain. So up until now, the prospect is in a position they've never really been in before, okay? They understand they've got a problem in their business, and a painful problem at that. They understand that they currently are where they are because of their actions, and it's causing them pain. And they understand that they want to be somewhere else, which also causes them pain. They've pictured what it would be like to be somewhere else, in a better place, and now they're back to reality, and that causes them even more pain. They've also admitted defeat, and they've admitted the fact they can't get there on their own, which causes even more pain. And now, they've just told us why they can't stay where they are, why struggling is a problem, they've told us they've just want to fix it, and they've told us they're really committed to making it happen. So, I mean, one plus one equals two. We're gonna close them. So, section nine, statement of confidence and permission to explain. So we say, "Okay, Claire. Well, I can say with a lot of confidence that we can definitely help with this. Would you like me to explain how?" Okay, so that should say "we" there, "We can definitely help with this." (laughs) But it doesn't, you can, you can add that in. But we want to sort of, we want to state this, because up until this point, we haven't really said anything except from questions and the word "okay." So now, the first line that we actually say here, and probably for the first proper sentence we're actually gonna say, other than the question, in about 30 minutes, and we want this to be a damn good, confident statement, where we clearly tell the prospect that we can help them with a lot of confidence. Because they've got to this point in the call, we've pre-qualified them, and we think we can help them. So, "Okay, Claire. Well, I can say with a load of confidence that we can definitely help with this. Would you like me to explain how?"So we ask the question, "Would you like me to explain how?" basically to, to get permission to share. Because what we don't want to do here is just start reeling off, like, all of, all of our pitch. Like, we just want to ask this final question to get their permission to share everything with them and, you know, of course they're going to say, "Yes. Yeah, please. Please tell me." It just creates a bit of extra neediness and if, for those of you who might be in the game of sales and understand how this works, they're, they're basically saying yes to us, like, just in a little bit of a small way. Like, it's a small yes. Like, "Yes, I'd like you, I'd like for you to explain how it works." So that when we ask them for the close, they've already said yes to us one or tw- one or two times. Makes it a bit easier. So now we have section 10. So what we want to do now is state our expertise and we want to basically share with the prospect what we are an expert at and what we do. So we say this: "Well, over at Northflow Consulting, our area of expertise is in helping gyms to get more members. And we do this by installing reliable, predictable, and scalable membership acquisition systems, and helping gym owners understand how they work, and we help them install them. And the ideal gym for us to work with is typically making between $8,000 and $12,000 per month, with a goal of getting between $40,000 and $60,000 per month. And the main problem we solve to get there is customer acquisition. So, Claire, it seems to me like you're a damn good fit for what we do." And then that's what you say. We're not pitching yet, we're just stating our expertise. So you obviously want to, to change this up a bit. Like, it's going to have to be your statement here. But this, this thing should take you no more than, like, 30 to s- 30 seconds to say and all we're doing is telling them that we're an expert, and then what we do in this second sentence here is we frame it in such a way that we sort of just put in their situation. Because what that then does is it makes the prospect think, "Holy shit, this is the guy that I'm looking for. He helps gyms exactly in my situation. He solves this exact problem. He helps gyms get exactly where I want to be. He helps people who are where I am and he's also an expert and he does it by installing systems. This guy must be the guy for my, for my situation." And when you state your expertise and who you help, you want to say it in such a way that the client thinks, "Damn, that's my situation," or, "Well, this seems like a pretty good fit." It should sound perfect for them. Okay? And as we progress through the sales training, we will show you how to write this statement out for your niche, and you want to write yours out and then practice it until it's smooth, clear, and delivered with serious levels of confidence. So when you say this, you need to turn the confidence on. Not to the point where it sounds like you're compensating for something, but just to the point where you're calm, you're focused, and you're just very, very clear in your speech and you have a lot of conviction behind what you say. You know, l- look at the difference between this, right? So this, this is an example of not much confidence. I'd say, "Well, well, Claire, uh, what, what we do at Northflow Consulting, um, our area of expertise is, uh, w- we, we help gyms get more members and, uh, we, we do that by helping them install systems, uh, for membership acquisition. Um, yeah, that's what we do there." Now, that's, that's an unconfident statement. Compare that to this. "Well, Claire, over at Northflow Consulting, our sole area of expertise is in helping gyms like yours get more members, and we do this by helping them install reliable membership acquisition systems that work an absolute charm." And then you'd go on to say the next thing. So you can see how confidence here, the way that you say this stuff, is far more important than what you say. And if you can have a good script and then a good tone, you're gonna win. And if you do this right, the prospect will put two and two together and they will just believe that you are the expert to help them. And when you finish stating your expertise, you just want to shut up, right? So you say this piece and then you just zip it, you just be dead quiet. And now something pretty awesome starts to happen. Something very cool takes place. The power dynamics in the conversation completely flip at this point. This, this is just fascinating to me because when you state what you're an expert at and shut up, the prospect has to ask you how it works and how they can work with you. Because up until this point, we've asked a question, the prospect has given us an answer, we've shut up and then we've said, "Okay," and then we've moved on. But now we've told the prospect what we're an expert at, we've clearly defined, like, that we can help them, and we haven't given them anything else. So now the only logical thing for them to do, and the only thing they really can do in the conversation, is ask us how it works, and this is awesome because it completely flips the power and it basically makes them the needy one. Because now they're asking us information about the product and now they're asking us how, how they can work with us and it creates a tremendous amount of power, and it flips the power. And now they're the needy one pulling information from you, and you now hold the cards. So the whole dynamic of the conversation has just suddenly flipped and the prospect is now asking questions. You're technically still in control because of the way you've positioned it, you still have the alpha position, but the prospect realizes that, that you're not gonna tell them anything else, you just tell them what you're an expert at and you shut up. And then obviously they're, they're like, "Oh my god, I need to know what this guy does. Like, it sounds like he's got something awesome, like it sounds like he helps people exactly like me, so I need to find out how that works." And then they'll ask you. And when they ask you, we want to go through to section 11. And in section 11, we vaguely pitch your offer. So what we do now is we want to give the prospect a high-level overview of how our program or product works without really giving any detail. Now we don't want to be really vague because then we'll lose their interest, but we want to keep it nice and specific and be reasonably vague so that they actually, you know, don't get drowned in words, if that makes sense. So let me explain how this works. So if you do section 10 correctly, your prospect will now ask what you have to offer or how you do what you do. Because we've said what we're an expert at and then we've just basically shut up. We haven't said anything else beyond that and we're being dead silent, so the prospect really has to pull information from us and they're obviously curious about how we do what we do, so they'll ask how we do what we do. They'll basically say, "Oh, how does that work?" Or, "How exactly do you do that?" And when they ask this, you need to pitch what you have and you need to pitch it in a clear way that does not solve their problems. So this is section 11, vaguely pitching your offer. So when they ask you how you do what you do, this is basically when you pitch what you do and how it works. Now this pitch must be vague and it must be high level and you must not talk about the features, processes, or anything like that. Okay? This, this pitch should be less than two minutes long, it should be concise, it should be specific, and you must pitch the ends, not the means. Okay? If you sell features, you'll trigger feature focus in your prospect's brain, which is a phenomenon where basically the prospect is no longer focused on the outcome of the situation, they start focusing on the, the little nitty-gritty bits, right? And you do not want this to happen. So for example, if you're selling search engine optimization, don't bother telling them about monthly reporting or keyword analytics. Just tell them you can get them to the top of Google for their, for their...

... like area. And your script for this, like you must write your own pitch, and you've got to write it out, perfect it, practice it, and get the delivery perfect. Now in the next video, we will be talking about how to write your pitch, so I'll give you some help there. And after you've said this piece, it's absolutely vital you shut up. So your pitch, just in summary, is a quick two-minute explanation of how your process works at a very high level. And we don't want to be really vague, but we want to be, like if we're too vague, then the prospect will lose interest. But if we're, if we're like too detailed, then the prospect will no longer be focused on the outcome. So it's a fine line to balance, um, but you really want this thing to be delivered with absolute unwavering conviction, with confidence. It really shouldn't take more than two minutes to, to do. Any more than two minutes, and you're talking too much. And you don't want to focus on the features. Those are sort of like the, the rules, the three rules or four rules, whatever it is. And that's that. And after you say your pitch, you just, once again, you're just dead silent. And after you've pitched and shut up, your prospect will now start asking questions about how your system works, right? This is cool, because what the prospect will do now is they will continue asking questions until they have a clear understanding of how it works, and more importantly, how it will work for them. And by letting the prospect ask questions, we are building out their dream offer and covering all the information they need to make a decision, and you must just sit there and let the prospect pull information from you. And you should answer their questions clearly and concisely, and then shut up and wait for the next question. So you pitch what you do, you shut up. The prospect will ask you a question about what you do or some s- some sort of specific, and then you answer that question with, with precision, without going off on a tangent, with a lot of confidence, and you always loop a benefit back in, right? You say, "Yeah, and that's why that works." And then you shut up again. And then the prospect asks another question, and then you repeat that, and then you shut up, and they ask again. And you just repeat that until they run out of questions. And when answering, do not divert the conversation or go off on a tangent. Stay focused and keep your eye on the prize. So, this is kind of an awesome way to sell, because your service, you could probably talk about it for hours, right? If you were to write a pitch about everything in your service, you could probably talk for a very long time. You could write a whole novel, right, on what you do. But honestly, like 80% of the stuff in your offer probably doesn't matter to the prospect. Or it might actually matter to them, but they don't think it matters or they don't really care about it, because business owners don't care what you do. They only care that you can do it. And if you start trying to sell them on the features, then you're gonna just completely ruin the call. So, what we do instead is we give them a vague, brief overview of what we do, and then we let them pull enough information from us for them to build their dream offer. And then they basically, at the end of all their questions, they then have a clear picture of how the whole thing works for them, and they've painted the picture of the offer specifically to what they need to know. And this works so much better than just telling them everything they need to know. You don't want to just go ahead and like pitch for like hours and, or even like 15 minutes of talking about what you do. You'll just lose them. Just keep it vague, and then just let them ask questions. And then they'll ask you, and then they'll run out of questions. And after a while, your prospect will have a really good idea of what you do, and they'll know exactly how it works and how it works for them, and then your prospect will have asked all the questions they have regarding the offer. And once this is done, they'll ask you for the price. So, the price question, it usually isn't the first question people ask. There's usually a whole bunch of stuff they have to figure out before they get to the price. And it's really important that when you pitch, you don't include the price. I should have said this in the previous slide. Do not pitch the price under any circumstances. The only time you tell the prospect the price is when they ask you about it. And if they ask you about the price before you've had the chance to pitch them or answer their questions, then you just tell them you can't tell them until you've, you've actually told them what you do. Because if you tell them the price before they have the full picture and understand what it is you actually do, then they're gonna be anchoring your sol- your service just based on the price without really understanding the value it provides or how it works for them, and they're very, very unlikely to make a decision to purchase it. So the only time you tell them the price is when they ask for it, and usually the only time they ask for the price is when they've had a- enough information to actually understand what it is that you offer. Because most people won't ask about the price of something, like a s- like a digital marketing retainer or whatever, until they actually understand what it is and how it works. So when you answer these questions, you know, you've, you've sort of given them a really good idea of, of everything they need to know. And then once they have everything they need to know, then they will ask you about the price, and then you can tell them about the price, because then the price actually makes sense to them because they know everything they need to know. And they can anchor the price directly to their understanding of your product and actually have a clear understanding of, of what they're investing in. I hope that makes sense. So this is section 12 stating pricing, and this part comes only when your prospect asks for it. So we're not telling them about the price or giving any allusion to the price until they ask after the line of questioning and after the pitch and after they've asked the questions they need to ask. If they ask you for the price or what it costs at any other point in the sales process, you always politically revert and say, "Hey, I don't have enough information about your business to properly pitch you or tell you how it works yet, so let me understand." It's really crucial that we wait until the prospects ask for this, because if we don't, then they're not gonna have a clear enough picture of how it works. So it needs to be crystal clear in their mind, i.e. they need to have asked all the questions that they have about it post-vague pitch in order to understand it enough to then put a price tag on it. If you give someone the price of something before they fully understand that thing, then it's always gonna seem like it's not very valuable.So here's how you do it. It's really simple. "Well, our fee for building and managing this for you..." And bear in mind, y- you know, you might want to interchange the word managing if you're just, you know, coaching them or consulting, so you can change that around. "...is X thousand dollars per month." Or if you're doing consulting or info, "It's X thousand dollars one-time. That covers everything we just talked about, and with this investment, I have every confidence that we can help you get to X, so that you can finally X." And then you shut up. And so what we're doing here is we're just stating the price in super simple form. We're not trying to overcook it, we're not trying to over-justify it, we're tying it directly to the outcome they want to achieve and the desires they have associated with that outcome. So this- let's say that I was working with a gym, and this was my old marketing agency pitch. I'd say, "Okay, John. Well, our fee for building and managing this for you is $2,000 per month." And sometimes this silence is longer than one to two minutes. So I've had calls before where I've pitched someone the price, like this, and I've applied that pressure, and sometimes I've had silence for, like, five minutes. And it's excruciating, because you just desperately want to break the tension. But what I've done in the past is I've just muted my mic, and then I've sort of, like, let out a little whimper, (laughs) like, you know, on mute, because it's so tense. Because what the prospect's mind starts to do is they start to go into overdrive. Like now they're thinking about everything, like, "What happens if I buy? What happens if I don't buy? How much money is this gonna cost? What are the implications of this? How does this work? How does this work?" You know, and you just sort of, like, their, their mind just starts flying around, like, "Can I get money from this PayPal account? Have I got enough in this bank account? What- what's the best card to use to buy this?" Or, um, you know, "Should I, should I ask this question?" Or, "What else do I need to know?" And you've just got to let them squirm under the pressure. You really have to let them just, just sit there and just feel the absolute pressure that they're under, because as soon as you speak, it relieves the pressure. And you'll notice that they start to say things. They'll be like, "Um, right. Mm, o- okay, yeah. Right, okay. Um, mm." And they'll start to just have these little, like, splutters, and you can't say anything. You've just got to let them sit with it until they either come up with an objection or give you a buying decision, which is really the only outcome you're gonna get from these two things. Right, it's gonna be someone saying, "Right, yeah, let's do it," or, "Uh, yeah, I need to think about this," or something. And you have to be quiet, you have to be silent, and you have to mean this. You have to just be serious about it. And you can't cave in, and you must remain silent until they speak. Okay? So you just gotta remember that. And if it's really quiet and they ask you if you're still there, then you just say, "Yes, Claire, I'm still here," and then you just be silent again. And you let them just sit with it, and you wait, and you wait, and you wait, and then, you know, before you know it, they are sort of like, "Oh my God, what's going on here?" It's really powerful. But that's section 12. And what we're waiting for is for them to say they want to move forward. So we're waiting for words like this. Like, "Okay, well, awesome, Charlie. Well, what's the next step?" Or, "Where do we go from here?" Or, "Okay, let's do it." And when they're ready to move forward, you just say, "Awesome, John," or, "Great, Claire. Well, we can get started right now if you want." "Yes, please." And then we say, you know, they'll be like, "Oh, how do we do that?" Or, "How do we do the payment?" Or something like that. And then we say, "Well, we can process credit card over the phone if that works for you." And then they're like, "Yep, okay, cool." And then we ask them, "Is that, like, V- Visa or MasterCard?" And then we collect the details, and kaboom, we've closed them. And that, ladies and gentlemen, is how you close high-ticket agency retainers. It's how it works. It's a pretty damn good system. And I strongly advise you use credit card. Like just get them, get their credit card details. E- earlier in the training, we talked about some software called PayFunnel, uh, but you can have a Stripe account to do this, or whatever. Don't send them a payment link, for God's sake. Just get their credit card details on file, charge them there and then, and just get them to commit money immediately, because if you send them a payment link or if you send them, like, a, a PayPal request or something, uh, no. Just get it done, because, you know, it g- Like, an hour for, like, after a sale, like, if someone's, like, if someone's on the, on the bench, like, if they've said they're gonna do it and you don't get their details on the phone, then, and you don't talk to them for like two days, then that's 48 hours of doubt manifesting itself, right? (laughs) So just get their details on the phone, get them closed there and then, make it a done deal, and say you were gonna send them an email and everything to get them set up, and, and all that shit, and then that's it. Then you've got them on board, it's a clean-cut approach, it's a binary decision, and you're gonna change their life. So that's how we do it. So that's how we close clients. That's the Imperium Approach. So now let's talk about what we will not accept. Because whilst this process is awesome, it's only gonna happen a certain percentage of the time, depending upon how good you are at the calls, and not everyone's gonna buy, you know. In fact, the majority of people may not buy from you, depending upon how good you are. So, when done correctly, this sales process and script will trigger perfect clarity in the prospect's mind, and they will make a decision on the wo- on the spot to work with you. But more often than not, prospects will try to take home the option to work with you and will try to avoid making an immediate decision. So prospects are like option hunters. They love options. People will do everything they can to come away from the call with the option, of thinking, like, "Oh, you know, I, I just wanna think about it," or, "Yeah, let me, let me take some time here." Like, they just want options. They're constantly in, in option-hunting mode. It's like a squirrel burying nuts. Like, they're just going on these calls just to get options and, you know, they just sort of have them there so that they can, they can pacify their mind for, with this pain because they think, "Oh, yeah, I've got options. If it gets too bad, I can always do it." But these options just constantly, you know, they're just there as pacifiers. You know, you don't want them there.And you have to ask yourself this as well, like, so there's obviously a lot of people don't buy, and you have to realize why people wouldn't buy. So why would someone not buy from us after all of that? Like the script's awesome, but some people don't buy. And why is that? Well, the reason they don't buy, and the reason they want to go away with an option, is because they weigh up their options and decide that they're fine with their current situation. And my mentor calls this retreating to fine, which is basically where the prospect is like, "You know, actually I think I'm okay with where I am." Now they won't say that to you, but they're basically saying that their fear of making the investment is overriding the pain that they're currently in. That's really it. It's just a threshold. Like the pain or the fear of, of growing, or the, the, the fe- the fear of losing that money or that investment is outweighing, like the s- the mental scale of their brain is outweighing the, the discomfort that they're currently in. And you don't want to let people retreat to fine. Okay? You want to show them the gravity of their situation, and the seriousness of it until they can't retreat to it anymore. You need to basically make their current situation so damn painful that they'll do anything, and spend any amount of money to get out of it. Because the only reason someone's trying to take away the option, or try, or not making a decision right now, is because they think that things might be okay with where they currently are. And if you know that things aren't okay where they currently are, then it's your job to make sure they don't actually think that it is okay. And we do this by reminding them. Where you say, "Hey John, I appreciate you want to think about it, but you just shared with me on the call that this is exactly what you need to do to move forward. You can't get there on your own, and it's not feeling too good at the moment. You said yourself, like you, you told me why you didn't want to continue where you are. So what is there to think about? You know, I appreciate where, where you're at, but let's make this happen, John. I really think I can help you. Share my confidence. Let's do this." (clears throat) And that's how it works. So don't let people retreat to fine, because if they retreat to fine, you're gonna get this, which is what we will not accept. So what we will not accept. Okay, so first of all, we will accept this, right? (laughs) We'll accept people coming on board and that's what we want, right? But there are gonna be prospects, and a lot of them, that try to get off the hook. So we don't want to accept these maybe zones, or these sort of let me think about it answers. We, we don't want to accept them. So here's what we will not accept. We will not accept anything that is not a direct yes or a direct no. So when you're talking to someone, you should expect them to make a binary decision. The decision must be black and white. You should expect the prospect to make the decision to work with you, or not, there and then, and not leave it in the gray area. We want people who take decisive action, and you should expect that from the prospect. And examples, if someone says, "Can we chat next week? I need to think about it." Or if someone says, "Okay, I need to run this by my business partner." Or, "Can you email me a proposal?" These are just ways of getting off the hook. Like these are just ways of prospects trying to retreat to fine, take home the option, and avoid making a decision because they're afraid of what might happen if they do. And as you remember, you have a moral obligation as a salesperson to not let people off the hook, and to keep them in the pain they're in, because you can help them. And the last thing you want is for ... Because people will just kid themselves. Their brain will start just creating all these excuses as to why they shouldn't invest, and really the only reason that they're doing that is because they're actually subconsciously afraid of what might happen if, if they actually grow. That's honestly how it works. Like I, the reason w- we, we don't do things, like the reason that we aren't h- happy doing things that make us grow, is because subconsciously we're terrified of what will happen if we do. And it's just the, it's just the, the un- the, the sad truth of human existence. And you can't let people's brains get in the way of them getting what they want. So if they try and give you one of these sort of gray area answers, where it's like, "Oh, maybe I'll come on board, maybe I won't," then we just say, "No. I'm not accepting that. You can say, 'Charlie, I want to do this.' Or, 'Charlie, I don't want to do this.'" But you know, that's, that's that. And it's pretty simple. No yes equals no. So if the prospect does not directly tell us they want to come on board, then we are counting them as lost. They're not coming on board. If they say, "I want to think about it." Or, "I think I might come on board in three days." Then they've said no. Th- you need to have a binary attitude. Black and white, yes or no. Fence-sitting is within no one's best interest. Now do everything you can to overcome these objections and get a yes or no out of them, but we want this thing to be a clean cut. We don't want to be in the maybe zone. Because what happens here, if you do 30 calls in a week and they all end up in a maybe zone, then you've got 30 people to follow up on. You've got 30 open conversations, 30 open doors, 30 pieces of revenue you can't account for, and it's chaos. And it's just 30 people that have just taken advantage of your agreeable nature. So you want to be ruthless, and you want to be brutal. Not to the point where you piss people off or upset them, but to the point where you make them realize that you actually have (mouse clicks) their best interest at heart and you can seriously help them. So you want to be brutal. And if a yes isn't present, then the answer is no. Maybe doesn't cut it. Maybe means no to us. Okay? M- maybe, you want to just remove maybe from your vocabulary yourself. Now, this is interesting, because we buy like we sell. So if you are constantly looking for the maybe, if someone tries to sell you something and you tell them maybe, or if someone tries to sell you something and you put off a decision, or you ask them for a discount, or you don't ... you just hang up on them, then how can you expect other people to do something differently for you? So we sell as we buy. We buy as we sell. When I'm selling to someone, the reason I can expect the decision to be binary is because I make binary decisions myself. Every decision for me is an immediate yes or no. And more often than not, it's a no. We, we like nos. Like I would rather have a no than a maybe any day of the week. If a prospect said, "Charlie, thanks for your time, but I'm not gonna do this. I don't think it's the right thing for me." I'd try and handle the objection first of all. I wouldn't give up at first sight. I'd go through a long process of getting over that thing. But if it came to the conclusion that they just said no, I would respect that. But what I won't respect is someone who gives me a maybe. And if you are constantly, in life, giving people maybes, then what do you think you're gonna get on sales calls? You're gonna get a lot of maybes, because you won't be able to expect people to do binary decisions, because you won't be comfortable doing that, because you don't do it yourself. So everything in life is a mirror, and especially in sales, i- if you're buying stuff and asking for discounts, then your prospects are gonna ask you for discounts. If you're buying stuff and you're delaying decisions, or if you're buying stuff and saying you need to talk about it with your girlfriend, then people are gonna ask you to... if they can speak to their spouse. And you can't expect them not to, because it would be hypocritical and you won't do it. So maybe means no. No yes is a no. And if your prospect is serious about working with you...

They're not gonna turn down a big discount just to think about it. Think about that for a second. Like, if you're saying to someone, "You can save $2,000," if they say, "Oh, yeah, let me think about that," then they're never gonna buy, right? (laughs) You know, if, if they don't buy now, they're never gonna buy. It's the honest truth. Clients that make quick decisions genuinely are the best kind of clients, and the ones we have had most fun working with. You know, you don't want fence-sitter clients. You don't want people that are just lacking certainty. You must create a reason for the prospect to buy there and then on the call. Otherwise, the chances of closing them are super slim. So, never let a single call linger in the maybe zone. And if your prospect wants to think about it, tell them that a maybe is a no-to-you, and that if they want to come on board at a later date, it will be at the full price with the full setup fee. And truth be told, if they don't buy now, well, they never will. And that's the truth. Okay? Now, yes, there are some exceptions. Okay? Like every single rule, there's some exceptions. And yes, there may be people who are absolutely adamant they want to talk to their wife, and you can do everything you can to overcome that objection. And no matter what, they're gonna say they wanna speak to their wife. If they wanna speak to their wife, you can ask them for a small deposit, with a credit card on file, and then you schedule a follow-up call with them. So, you can basically say, "Okay, well when exactly will you be speaking to your wife? Tomorrow at 3:00 PM? Awesome. Well, listen, if I can p- if I c- if you can pay a 20% deposit now, then I'm, I'll leave the incentive-based pricing thing on the table for you. I'll give you a call at 4:00 PM tomorrow, and you can come on board and pay the rest then if your wife's happy with it. And I'll answer any of her questions on the call as well, if that makes you comfortable." And then that way, that will really test their motivation, because if they're like, "Yeah, of course, I'll pay you a deposit," then you know that they actually do want to come on board. They just genuinely are not lying, and they want to run it by their wife. But most people just give you objections as smoke screens. Most people say there, "Let me talk to my business partner." Th- they don't even have a fucking business partner. They're just saying it, because they don't want to make a decision there and then. So, don't take that shit at face value. Just say to them, "Okay, I understand you want to talk to your business partner, but I need to see that you're serious about coming on board here. So, if you're happy to do this, I'd like to take a 10% or 20% deposit on the first month's fee, and you can talk to your business partner, and if you want, you can come on board. If not, I'll refund the deposit, but I just need, I just need you to show me some financial commitment so that I know you're actually serious about this." And then, if they say they don't want to do a deposit, then you just say, "Okay, I totally understand, John. But in my eyes, you're saying no, and I respect that. So, goodbye." No yes is a no. The absence of a yes is a no. Maybes, we don't like. Nos, we love. Yeses, we adore. But a maybe, it simply will not do. We will not accept it. So, now let's look at the Imperium Agency Conversion script. And this is a PDF, um, available in the resources section below this video. Um, it looks something like this. (mouse clicking) So, I've just walked you through this whole script, so I'm not actually going to go through and walk you through it step by step here. But you can sort of see here, we have the, um, the script, and this will be available in the resources section. Now, we will be making edits to this script in the next video, so you'll be able to make some amendments to this. Um, but as you can see here, we have the pre-call preparation. We have Section 1, Micro-Rapport. We have Section 2, Agenda and Alpha Frame. Section 3, Primary Motive. Section 4, Understanding Where They're At. Section 5, Indirectly Causing Pain. Section 6, Defining Their Goal and Future Pacing it. Section 7, this is where the Prospect Admits Defeat, pivotal moment in the call. Then we have Section 8, which is Establishing Conviction and Deeper Motion. Um, then Section 9, which is Statement of Confidence and Permission to Explain. Section 10, State Your Expertise. Section 11, Vaguely Pitch Your Offer. We still need to modify this script, and we also need to understand how to manage our emotions in sales. This thing is an absolute beast, and it's gonna do some pretty damn heavy lifting for you. And I cannot wait to see the results that you get from it. So, as always, when you get results or when you get clients using this thing, put it in the Facebook group. Let us know. And, you know, there's, you might have some questions around this stuff, so feel free to join the Q&A calls. Um, because this thing, like if you can really just understand this, like I'd recomend ... I know this has been a long video, but seriously, like, I would, I would, I'd rather this thing be long and, and in-depth than just cover it, like a little bit briefly. Um, but goddamn, this thing is gonna help you out. Like, when I, when I learned this stuff and when I developed this script, and when I've, well, I've been using it consistently since, you now have a reliable, consistent, predictable system for client acquisition and sales conversion. And honestly, that might be the most powerful thing you can have when running an agency. Because if you know how to sell, you're never gonna be hungry. If you know how to do sales, things are always gonna go your way. So, that's how it works. Once again, never forget this slide, okay? (laughs) This is the secret to sales. But anyways, that's everything for today's training video. We've covered Sales Bedrock again. We've talked about the Ethical Use Warning. And I'm sure you can see by now how powerful this script is, now you understand how it works. So, please use this thing properly, and please use it with honesty. But you also covered, um, we also looked through the SALES Arsenal, persuasive weapons of mass conversion. Uh, once again, another absolute just unit of a thing, right? Silence, non-judgment. Let them sweat the gravity of their situation, never solve. Unwavering confidence, patience, the straight line, reframing, ego evasion, and belief-breaking questions. Put all your focus on diagnosing, not closing. The word "okay" and using audio. Like, I've given you my entire playbook. Like, this, this module here is just worth probably 10 times admission to this program. It is just ridiculous the level of value you get from this thing. We've given you our entire A to Z sales process, and we've also given you the whole script that you can go through. So, now, all you really need to do is just learn this script, make it so it's like the back of your hand, completely perfect it. And really, this is all you need to get to seven figures. Like, yeah, we have the other videos, and you need everything else that we cover, but this video alone is gonna do some, some good work for you. So, that's everything for this training video, and thanks for watching. I'll see you in the next one right now. Thanks.