# 4.4. Script Modification

(instrumental music plays) Hey, everyone. Charlie Morgan here, and welcome to this training video called Script Modification. And this one is in the Seven-Figure Sales Strategy section of the, uh, program. And by now, you should basically understand the script we use. Uh, you should have a pretty good framework and understanding of how we sell, um, and how we use the script and everything. Now, if you haven't, then you need to go back and watch the previous videos. And if you're coming into this video with a sort of gray understanding of the script, um, you need to go back and watch that last video on Sales Bedrock again. Um, getting your head around Sales the first time, like it, it's not always gonna click, and the last thing you want to do is start modifying something that you don't truly understand. Um, it would be like buying a car and then deciding that you want to personally modify the car, but if you don't really understand how the car works and the moving parts, then you're probably not gonna do a very good job (laughs), um, of modifying it. So if you don't understand how we sell, then go back and watch that video or ask in the Q&A calls or go in the Facebook group and clarify anything you need to understand. Um, but for those of you, and I'm hoping I've done a good enough job of explaining it because most of you should understand how it works by now, and in this video, we're gonna be going through and modifying the script to suit your niche and to basically suit your, your market really, uh, and your offer. And obviously, there's a few different parts to that. We need to change the line of questioning. Uh, we also need to write your pitch, your expertise statement, um, your answers, and everything like that. So there's a lot of stuff that we're gonna be covering in this video. Um, and, you know, the script that we give you is very, very powerful out of the box, um, but I can promise you, it gets even stronger with a bit of tweaking. So let's dive in and get started. So here's what we're going to cover in today's video. So we're gonna sto- or start off or- by talking about why you must modify the script and make it your own. Then we're gonna talk about the scientific method of iteration and improvement, recording your calls for feedback, and this really is where most people slip up. Um, this happened to me where I would record my calls and then not actually listen back to them (laughs), and I'm gonna talk to you a lot about this, a- about feedback in this video. Um, then we're gonna talk about modifying your script and the two-step modification process. Then, we're gonna talk about writing your expertise statement and also writing your pitch. Then, we're gonna talk about building your answer vault and then version 1.0 and beyond. So we've got a lot to cover in this video. In fact, it's very hands-on. There's a lot of resources, and there are a lot of action items. So this is really where rubber's gonna be sort of hitting the road, if that makes sense, because you really want to make this script your own, um, because if it's not your own, it's not gonna flow, uh, and y- it's just gonna feel wrong. Th- we've basically ... The way the script is written, it works for me really well, um, and the questions and the flow and the pitch and everything is just, i- it's kind of like, it just, it's kind of like, um ... Well, it just, it just sings really well for me. I don't really have to think too much about it. You can... Once you've got a script that works in accordance to your language and how you talk and everything, things will just get really easy for you. And you can get on calls, and you can sort of just sort of fly through them without really thinking about it. And this is what I love about sales, because sometimes I'll just find myself in the middle of an objection or answering a question, completely unconscious of the fact that I'm even alive (laughs). You know, you just enter this, this state of flow, um, and it's a wonderful thing to do. And it's only possible to enter that state when you actually become one with the script. I know that might sound a little bit, um, a little bit cheesy there, um, but it's only really possible to truly master this thing when it's your own, because y- y- it just allows you to just really get in the zone and really be comfortable with what we're doing. So let's dive into the first part, which is why you must modify the script and make it your own. So when you first use our script, it's gonna feel like driving a new car for the first time. Okay? It's gonna feel a little bit alien to you, and it probably won't feel comfortable to use first time around. So it's imperative that we make some adjustments t- to it, so that it suits you, your niche, and your offer. And here's why we modify the script, and before I explain this, y- y- think about buying a new car, for example, right? You've, you've bought the script from us technically. Um, when you buy a new car, you need to ... You get in it and then you have to move the seat forward. You might move the, uh, steering wheel forward. You might have to sort of like change where, where the window like seal is or whatever. Like there's gonna be things that you have to just sort of amend, so that it's comfortable, like your, your, your mirrors and everything have to be tweaked. Um, and the car you're in could work really well and it'll probably drive absolutely fine, but obviously it needs to be tweaked to your liking. So out of the box, our script is extremely powerful and can be used to convert high-ticket, long-term agency and coaching clients. However, it's not gonna be a one-size-fits-all script, and we're gonna have to make some amendments to it to suit your style of selling. Now, for those of you who run marketing agencies, which should pretty much be everyone watching this video, um, I want you to understand that this script can be used to sell other different services as well. So in Northflow, we do a lot of coaching. We have a c- training program, for example. We use this script for Imperium. Basically any B2B sales where you're helping people solve a problem that's painful in their life, this applies to. So we've given this script to clients, right? We've trained gyms on how to sell memberships using this script. And instead of talking about financials, you just talk about weight loss. So depending on the problem and the metrics, you can still use this thing for loads of other stuff. And when you modify the script, you want to make sure you don't stray away from the core central thesis of it. So you gotta understand that there are parts of the script that are painful to do.There are some questions that are painful to ask. Using incentive-based pricing isn't the most pleasant thing to do, and, you know, it's gonna, it's gonna, you're gonna not want to do it sometimes. You know, you might, y- you might be afraid of conflict, or you might just, you know, be uncomfortable with it. But it's really important that you stick to the script. Do not remove difficult questions because you think they are hard to ask, and don't cut out sections because you don't think they're necessary. If there's a question or a se- section in the script, it's necessary. Everything's been put in here for a reason. And really, if you go to re- if you go to remove things and you think, "Oh, yeah, I don't need to ask that because it's not necessary," w- well, the only reason you're removing it is because your brain's trying to stop the pain of having to do it. So, it's a harsh truth that sales is... It can create confrontation, it can create discomfort, it can create pain, both for you and the prospect. But you have to just have a good pain tolerance and be willing to put up with it. So don't... When I talk about script modification, we're talking about adding things. We're not talking about removing things or taking things away. Now, you can reword some of the questions to suit your language, but you should not remove them. And you can't re- you can't just reword an entire question to ask a completely different thing that you know is, is, is less painful for you to ask. It's really (laughs) important that you, you sort of just take these calls head-on. And you'll notice after a few months of using this that you'll start to stray away from the difficult questions, or you'll stop using incentive-based pricing or whatever, and it's just because it's painful to do that, or you perceive it to be painful. Um, so be, be very wary of that, because it happened to me, it happened to Bo. You know, we, we would have this, um... Y- the bottom here, this last paragraph, you know, I fell prey to this multiple times a while ago, whereby I would find this proven process with a script, and eventually I'd stop asking the hard questions or I'd skip parts of the script because I felt uncomfortable with it. And I want you to know that feelings of discomfort here are totally normal. You know, it's, it's entirely normal for you to want to not ask certain questions or to avoid things. But I deeply regret straying away from the script, because if I didn't stray away from it, I'd (laughs) be much further ahead than I am now. I'd be far richer, far wealthier, and far more successful. And your brain has a clever way of avoiding painful things. For example, asking business owners hard questions, or questions that may lead to causing discomfort. So don't let your aversion to pain rule your decisions, and stick to the damn script, man. Really important. And the truth is that your script should be a dynamic project. And by dynamic, I mean it should constantly be changing. You know, this thing should never really be finished. You should always be seeking constant iteration and improvement. You should always be testing new things, asking new questions, adding things to it. Now, I don't just mean go ahead and willy-nilly add, like, five different questions. Like, you want to be methodical in your approach, and scientific. You know, you want to write your script out from today, have version one with the questions that you want to ask, the pitch that you want to present, and then have that. You wanna test it against 30 calls, and then you want to go ahead and make iterations at the end of those 30 calls and see what needs to be improved. And don't just settle with what you have. So, if you find that your script is, is reliable and you can start converting at 20% with it, then don't settle, because it's impossible, well, sorry, it's entirely possible to get to 40%. So, don't just sort of chill out, you know, when you've got a decent conversion rate. Just, just, uh, I mean, decent is what you make it. For me, decent is 80%, all right? (laughs) And that's what I wanna be, so anything below that is, is simply not gonna do, so don't settle. So let's talk about the scientific method of iteration and improvement. Now, the scientific method is a very, very, very useful thing to understand in business. Um, and it really just, it boils down to, to a pretty simple principle, which is just rationally and systematically testing new variables to see what outcome they have and influence they have on the outcome. Um, and the same thing applies to your script here, because we really want to approach this, this whole modifying process like a scientist would approach an experiment. You know, we want to decide to test a variable, we want to have a control where we've already done some calls with the existing script, and then we want to compare the results from the modif- the new modifications and the existing modifications. And over the course of a few years and enough time and enough calls, you'll really start to turn yourself into this just beast of testing, and you can really start to see the matrix with this and determine the cause-and-effect relationships between, between different questions, between different things. And, you know, you, we've, we've done a lot of the heavy lifting for you. Like, this script is really just the result of years and years of, of the scientific method and testing different things and seeing what works and what doesn't, and just doing more of what does and less of what doesn't. And that should really be your objective with the script. So, the best way to develop your script is to use the scientific approach. The scientific approach is simply the art of testing individual variables and assessing the impact they have on the outcome. And I think I've just repeated (laughs) myself there, so excuse that. And the only thing that stands between you and an insanely high sales conversion rate is enough testing, iteration, and improvement. The sa- same thing applies with ads, right? You know, we get clients incredible results, very, very low cost per lead but good lead quality, and people are like, "Oh, how do you find these ads?" Like, "How do you get these really good ads?" It's the same thing with outreach. Like, how do you find these, these, like, approaches that work really well? It's like, well, we just tested a shitload of stuff, and when we found something that seemed to start working, we doubled down on it, or we tried to make some micro-variations on it, or we changed little things here and there about things that were already working. And really, the, the active improvement and growth and scale is really just doing more of what works and less of what doesn't. Like, if you were to boil down what successful people do to get successful, it's really just figuring out what works and doing more of that, and then figuring out what doesn't work and avoiding it like the plagueAnd the same thing applies with everything. I mean, you can apply the scientific method to absolutely any sort of, uh, like, thing in your business that's gonna help you make progress, and also in your personal life. So it's a very good thing to understand, and, you know, if you read, I'd s- I'd strongly advise you read some books on the scientific method, because it's far too much for me to explain in this one video, um, but it's all about just testing. So the scientific process works in a cycle, so I am gonna just break it down in a really, really vague, um... or sorry, not vague, but a very high-level understanding so you actually kind of know what it means. So it's a four-stage cycle, um, and basically, to, to run a reliable test, these are the four steps that you really have to go through. Because everyone ta- in business, and especially in the digital space, e- everyone talks about testing things, they talk about split testing or, you know, all these multivariate tests where I'm gonna test this, I'm gonna test that, or why don't we test that? It's like, but nobody really actually knows how to run a r- a reliable, rational, and, like, successful test, because most agencies are like, "Yeah, I'm gonna test a new, some new email copy," and then they test it for like two days, then they get all emotional, and then they change it again, then they test something else, and then they get all emotional and change it again without really actually giving anything a chance to breathe or actually prove itself. And not only that, they test things and they test more than one variable at the same time. So if you're, if you're running a test and you, and, and like let's say you've got, um... it's a very, very simple analogy here. So let's say you've got a cup of water and you want to, um... you've got like a blue dye and a red dye, and you want to see, like, what color the water goes when you put blue dye in. Now, if you put blue dye in, the water's obviously gonna go blue. But if you put red dye in, the water's obviously gonna go purple. And it's impossible to know, like 'cause obviously it's quite simple 'cause it's just blue dye, but it's impossible to know which variable is gonna make the water go blue when you put both of them in at the same time, 'cause the water's gonna go purple. And then you're like, "Oh, was it..." Like if you're colorblind, for example, or don't really know how the, the color system works, then you're gonna get very confused. But the same thing applies with sales. So if you have a script and you want to change your script, then you might add w- a question to it, and then you test the script and you ask that question to see h- what sort of impact it has on the outcome. But if you add three questions to it, then you assess the outcome, and if the outcome is better or worse, then you can't really determine what caused that outcome because there's three different variables. So the only way you can really improve is by testing one specific thing at a time and holding everything else constant. It's like if you run ads, okay? Now, when you run an ad on Facebook, you've got the copy, you've got the headline and the creative, and if you want to test a new creative, then you would keep the copy and the headline the same and you'd change the creative. But if you change the creative and you s- also change the copy and the ad starts performing better, well, you don't know if it was the creative that's made it perform better or if it was the copy, or if it was the combination of both of those two variables. So when we talk about introducing a new variable when running the scientific method, um, it's really important that you just introduce one variable at a time. And to begin with here, when we're modifying our script, we're obviously gonna be making a lot of changes. Like, we're introducing loads of variables to begin with because we haven't really got anything else to go off of except from the existing script. So I'm not saying that you only want to add one question at a time to begin with, but you can be a bit more general than that, because what we're gonna be doing is recording our calls, and over the course of 30 phone calls using the same script, you'll start to figure out which questions are getting the best responses, what line in your pitch is working the best, and, and it will become very apparent to you once you have the feedback So anyway, here's how it works. You introduce a new variable, and then you test this variable, and you test it for a long time with enough data. And after testing this, you'll start to receive feedback, um, which is either gonna be positive or negative. Like, okay, are we closing more sales with this question or are we making less sales with this question? And that's basically feedback, right? And you can look at this stuff just by listening back to your calls, um, and, you know, feedback is a very valuable thing to have. And after listening to the feedback, you can then make, like, actual iteration and improvement. Like, you can make... you can really assess the truth, you can see things very clearly, and then you have reliable data to back up your decisions, and then you can make iterations and improvement. I see this all the time where basically agency owners, they just, they just skip the feedback bit, right? Where they, they, they think, "Okay, I wanna test a new bit of email copy," and then they write it, they introduce the new variable, and then they, they test it, and they don't really listen to the feedback. They don't, they don't really log anything, all their metrics. This is why we're so hot on metrics, by the way, um, especially in the organic attraction modules and the paid attraction modules. But they don't list- they don't log the metrics, so they don't really have any reliable or accurate feedback or data on their process, um, and then they make a change. Like, they try and make an iteration or an improvement to the, the new variable they've tested or they try something else without really listening to feedback. Like, there's no... Most, most business decisions are f- are fueled by emotion and guess, and that's pretty much why every single business fails, honestly. Like, this, this is the truth. Because they say 80% of businesses fail, whatever that statistic is, but really, the, the success of a business is just dependent upon the quality of the decision-making that overrides or underpins everything Like, so, you know, the business owner makes a series of decisions, and if those decisions are good, then the business will be good. If those decisions are bad, then the business will be bad and will fail. Um, and really, the, the main thing that is gonna help you make good decisions is just having accurate data. Like, people think it's all about having these crazy choices and, and, you know, trying to use your intuition, but really, the numbers will tell you everything you need to know. And the feedback that you get from prospects on the phone and the, the way they speak and their language and, and, you know, the way they sit up in their chair or move forward or lean in will tell you everything that you need to know, and all you have to do is look. So if you want to know how to iterate and improve your script to make it a consistent and constant process, then all you have to do is test new things and just listen to the feedback, and listen with a completely open mind without emotion. And then you can iterate and improve, and then those iteration improvements, they are basically new variables, and this thing just becomes very cyclic. Like, it just, cyclic, it just, it just repeats itself, and it's just is basically sort of the, the underpinning philosophy of a feedback loop, you know? It's just the cause becomes the effect, the effect becomes the cause, and then before you know it, you're a billionaire, um, and that's why exponential things happen. I'm not gonna dive into that now, but that's how it works. And feedback is the key to the whole process. The entire procedure revolves around having accurate and truthful feedback. And, you know, if you, if you want to make a decision, like, it, it... the whole process depends on you being able to digest and interpret feedback rationally without emotion. So when you get on these calls, like for the first 30 calls that you do with this new script, you're almost not even there to close, you're just there to get a proof of concept with your script. Like, instead of thinking so much about making money and getting the close, just put your, all your attention on getting... on just proving that the script works in the first place And really, that's how you make all the money (laughs) is just by having a very good sales script. Um, so, you know, you

Just want to sort of relentlessly test this thing and just remove all emotion. And this is an endless cycle. It is the only im- only reliable way to actually improve. And simply put, to really modify this script, you're just going to have to test a lot of different variables. And by variables, I mean everything. You know, I mean questions, I mean your tonality, I mean your pitch, the rebuttals to different objections, the timing that you use on your questions and language, the silence you use, and everything like that. Everything that you do on a sales call is a different variable, and they all make up this one result. And you can only test one variable at a time. You know, I said this, if you test more than one variable and the outcome is different than it was before introducing the new variable, then it's impossible to deduce which variable caused the damage or the change. So, I'm gonna show you how to modify your script in this video, but I want you to know that it should be a never-ending process. And my conversion rate was stuck at 30% for about a year, until I remembered this. I got quite comfortable. I was converting one in every three calls that we had, and, um, and I just completely forgot about iteration and improvement. Like, I stopped listening back to my calls. I stopped, um, making amendments to the script or changing new things. I just sort of stuck with, stuck with it, and I was just there. And I didn't make any improvements, I didn't make any changes to it. It was just 30% for about a year, which, don't get me wrong, was a good conversion rate, but I really wanted it to be higher. Um, and, you know, a plateau at 30% is just as painful as a plateau at 10%, the same psychology applies. So, it wasn't until I sort of remembered this and I was like, "Oh. Think about it, Charlie. Like, the, you're not applying the scientific process. Like you're just, stagnation is just desperation and you're not doing much." And the second you stop testing new things is the second you plateau. And by plateau, I just mean, it's when you sort of flatline. You just, you just, you get to a certain point and then you just settle, and you just plateau. You're not growing anymore. And in business, the word plateau is just another word for slow death. So let's take a look at, at an example. So, with your script, you could add a new pain-inducing question, and then to test this, you have to ask this question on calls. Right? It's the only way you can test it, is by asking it. And then at the end of the test, after you've done 30 calls with this new question, you're basically gonna look at the data. Like, do you close more or less deals with this question than you did before? Or do you close the same amount of deals? Like what's, how much of a difference does this, adding this question make to your script? And if you close more deals, let's say you close 5% more deals with the new question and everything else remains the same, then you're gonna keep the question in or double-down on it. Maybe ask two questions that are like that. Um, and then you add another one or you just keep going. And this thing, it just, it just goes down loop. Like it's just, it keeps looping itself round and, you know, it's crazy. And basically, my point here is that once you modify your script, you cannot settle with it. You must constantly look to improve. I need you to understand that it's entirely possible to land clients. In fact, it's quite easy. The only thing that will prevent you from landing clients is not having the right approach or script. So, all you have to do is test enough variables to get that right. And I've pretty much done all the heavy lifting for you, because our script actually does work really well, um, and we know it works. But like, if you want something in life and business, then all you have to do is test enough to get there, and just repeat this scientific process with no emotion, repeatedly, until you get what you want. Really, honestly, the only, th- the easiest way to just get what you want is to just accept the fact that you're gonna need to do a lot of testing over a lo- long period of time. And really, honestly, the difference between someone who's a millionaire and someone who's stuck at zero, it's just that the person who's a millionaire has tested more than the person who's at zero. You know, it's just the way it works. Or they got lucky, or the lotto. That's not a very good strategy. And the good news is that we've already done all the heavy lifting for you. You're starting off with a script that is the result of thousands of iterations and improvements. And we've used this script for over 1,000 calls and we've refined it to the point where it reliably converts like a systemized machine. So the things that I've learned in sales and the questions that we've developed have been built on other people that have been really good at sales and have done thousands of calls as well. So, I would honestly go as far to say that the script that we have has been built over a long time, probably against tens of thousands of calls (laughs). Like the questions, the frameworks, the methodology. It's, it's not just us that's used it, you know. We've, we've obviously learned from very intelligent people, um, and, you know, we're sort of adding to the evolution of this thing and passing it onto you, and you're gonna do the same. So, rest assured that whilst you have to do all this testing, you're already ahead 90% of other agency owners. Like, I don't want you to sit here and think, "Oh my God, this is gonna take ages. Like I've really gotta test all these questions and, you know, I've gotta, it's gonna take years to do this." It's like, no, no. You can use this script and you can close a client like tomorrow. You know, I've seen people take the script and get a close on their first call using it. Now, that's rare, but it's possible. And honestly, if you just use this thing for a month, you'll b- you'll be very surprised at how quickly you get very, very, very good at it, um, which is awesome to see. You know, this, this thing's very intuitive, and it's, don't think that you've gotta spend like ages and ages really getting this right, because truth be told, you can start closing clients as soon as you've got your hands on it. But don't get comfortable. The key is to test, listen to feedback, iterate and improve, and test again. And this is why recording your calls and tracking your call data is vital. You know, we're gonna talk now about recording your calls for feedback, because it really is like, the, the, the call recordings that you have are probably your greatest asset, because as we talked about a second ago, feedback is the most important part to the scientific process. And your call recordings are literally just gold mines for feedback.Like, you can dive into them and you can literally listen in real time to figure out what went wrong and what went right, and it becomes very, very apparent without even having to have any training what works and what doesn't. And if you listen back to your calls and make a good, like, store of them and you, you store them, you know, properly and, and organize them, and you listen back to them and make a habit of actually recording and listening, then you'll be an absolute machine of feedback. And seriously, this is how you go from converting 10% to 20% to 30% to 40% to 50% over the course of a few months. Because the quicker you can listen to feedback and the quicker you can test new things and, and add new, new iterations based on feedback and, you know, the truth, the quicker it's going to be for you to get results. Uh, or sorry, the easier it's going to be for you to get results, and the faster. So let's talk about recording your calls for feedback. So you must record every sales call you do. It is imperative and it's paramount. The... Not, not recording a sales call is the equivalent to basically just throwing money away. Like, you honestly might as well just set like $1,000 on fire because honestly your call recordings are like absolute gold dust. They are so important and they are absolutely imperative to the modification processes of the script and ultimately the success of your agency. And your record- your call recordings are going to be your greatest asset as they provide us with feedback on what is and what isn't working. So your recordings will basically allow you to clearly see what you should do more of and what you should do more of... well, less of. Because if you remember a while ago, I basically told you that billionaires and successful people just do more of what works and less of what doesn't, and it's impossible to know what works and what doesn't work unless you actually have reliable and truthful and accurate feedback. And having a call recording, like a live recording of, of th- the exact minute-by-minute process that the whole call went through, and being able to listen that thing, to, back to that thing with an open mind, there is no greater form of feedback. (laughs) Like, seriously, there is nothing, like, there... Un- unless you actually have the prospect on the phone and, and took an hour to break down everything, which isn't very realistic and I wouldn't even advise you do that, it's, um, it's a very powerful thing. And you want to listen back to every call and diagnose key pivotal moments in the call. So if a call doesn't close, then there's a reason. And really if you, if you listen back to a call that hasn't closed, you'll find that there's one specific wrong move that you made that led off a chain of events that where you either strayed away from the script or you didn't answer the right question properly or you, you just completely forgot about your training or you spoke over a prospect or you judged the prospect. Like, you'll find that there's just one mistake that you make, perhaps early on in the call, that just leads to a, a series of events where the call doesn't close And this is kind of like... Think of it like a game of chess, right? When you're on the call or when you're playing a game of chess or when you watch a game of chess, there's usually one big key mistake that one of the players makes that the other player capitalizes on, and it's that mistake that leads to the downfall of the person who made it. So really, sales isn't necessarily about just saying the right thing, it's more about just not saying the wrong thing. And honestly, that's the, the key. Like, you know, you just, just avoid making mistakes and you'll be fine (laughs), you know, seriously. Um, and when you listen back to these calls, you want to define these key pivotal moments and you want to define the mistakes that you've made and then just not make them. Like, when we're listening back to calls, don't just listen to calls that you've closed and think about what you should do more of, because honestly, it's more profitable to listen back to what you... what mistakes you made and just avoid making those mistakes. Because generally speaking, it's a lot easier to avoid a mistake than do something successful. And Charlie Munger, Warren Buffett's business partner says, "All I want to know in life is where I'm going to die so I don't go there." And what he's basically saying is he just wants to know what mistakes to not make. Like, he just wants to be a- aware of the things that could go wrong, the pitfalls. And I mean, it makes a lot of sense Like, if you knew where you were gonna die, then you just wouldn't go there. And like if you kn- if you knew what you shouldn't say on a call and what would result in a call not closing, then you just wouldn't say it. And the easiest way you can actually figure that out, if you just listen back to your calls, because I promise you you're going to make a lot of mistakes early on and even throughout years and years into the process. You know, I'm, I still make loads of mistakes on calls. I've done thousands of calls and I'm still making these stupid mistakes that I listen back to and kick myself for. But the point is, is that the less mistakes you make, the better. And if you listen back to your calls, you can, you can just define them, become consciously aware of them, and then when the same, when the same part of the call r- rolls around again for the next prospect, you just don't make that mistake. You make it conscious and then you, you, you don't make the mistake on the chess board and then your, your opponent can't capitalize and that's it. Now, sales isn't like chess. You know, we're not trying to beat anyone. You know, there's no winner in sales. Truth be told, like if a deal's closed, it should be both parties that win. Um, so we're not looking at it like a, like a war thing or like a game of... like a strategy. It's just like we're meeting people heart to heart and we're just trying to avoid mistakes really So listen out for things you did right and things you did wrong. And the easiest way to determine what's right and what's wrong is just based on the prospect's reaction and the direction of the call. So the right thing to do is the thing that keeps you on the straight and narrow and keeps you sticking to the script. Because if, if a call closes, then what you want to do is listen back to everything in that call and just make a note of it because it's obviously the right thing to do in your niche. And if a call doesn't close, then go back through and find what you did differently to calls that have closed and then just don't do it (laughs), you know? I promise you, you do this enough, over, over the course of a few months, you'll just become an absolute boost- beast, like overnight. It is, it is scary to observe how quickly you can get good at this stuff with the right feedback and, and actually diligence of doing it. And when you find something the prospects seem to like or resonate with, you can write it downSo here's a basic framework for storing your calls. So, what I want you to do here is go into a Google Drive. I'd strongly advise you do this in Google Drive because if you just store them on your computer and your computer gets stolen or lost, then you've basically lost all of your feedback and you're back to square one. So store it on your computer, um, and on your drive, maybe a memory stick if you can as well. Um, but here's what you wanna do. So first of all, you want to create a folder in Drive called Call Recordings, right? And then you want to open up that folder, and then you want to have another folder for the year that you're in. And then what you want to do is you want to create a, um, a folder for every single month of this year, right? And I'm only going to go to March, but you want to have 12. And then in each folder, what you want to do is you want to have Week 1, gonna have Week 2, gonna have Week 3, gonna have Week 4. Don't think I've got the option to clean this up. It doesn't look like it, but that's fine. So what we'll do is we'll grab a copy of this, and then you're gonna put that in February, you're gonna put it in March, and you're gonna organize it properly. And then once you've done a call, you want to save the recording, like on Zoom if you record the meeting or if you use voice memos on your phone, which is what I do sometimes. Then you go into your, um, into your folder and the week that you're in, and you go to Week, and then you just basically would drag the call in like this. And the way you would name it, so let's just say that this folder here is a call, right? So I would call it, um, you'd call it th- their name, and then you'd call it the date, and then you just put yes, like that. Now, if they say no, and it's a no, then you'd put no. Remember, our calls are binary decisions, it's a yes or a no. Um, and then you basically, over the course of, of months and weeks... This might seem like a lot to begin with, but honestly, once you've got like a hundred calls in here, you will c- come back and thank me for, for doing this. So just get into the habit. Like I think I've even got, um, I've got a folder here for Imperium, 'cause I'm doing, I'm doing Imperium sales myself at the moment until we establish a really good proof of concept with the script we've got, and then I'll pass it on to a rep. Um, but I've got all my recordings in here, right? You know, every single call that we've done is just recorded, provided we obviously have the permission of the prospect, but even then, like, it was only gonna be me that listens back to it, so it's up to you. But, um, but yeah, and then you can just come back in here, you open up the recording, and then you can just listen to it. And then you go through it with a notepad and a pen and, and you just listen back, and you think, "Oh, God, why did I say that?" Or, "Oh, actually, that was a really good thing to say." You just make a note of this, and with enough practice, you'll win. Now this is just like a s- professional sports player going back and watching game tape. You know, it's like Michael Jordan probably spends more time actually watching his game tape than he does actually playing the game. I don't know if that's exactly accurate, but you get the point. Um, so we're just training ourselves here. This is, this is real work, and it is just absolutely goddamn imperative. You know, this is like when you do a test and your teacher gives you back the test and they have notes in the test and it gives you feedback on what you should have done differently You know, feedback is absolute weapon of mass destruction, and the more calls you do, even if the call is terrible and it doesn't close, then you can learn what not to do. And as I mentioned earlier, knowing what not to do is more profitable than knowing what to do. And the script we've given you will tell you what to do, so all you really have to do now is just not fuck it up. (laughs) Okay? And you will fuck it up to begin with, like everybody does, but you just have to become consciously aware of your fuck-ups and seriously pay attention to them. Um, without, you know, because for most people, it's painful to listen back to these calls because, "Ah, I hate the sound of my voice," or, "I don't want to remind myself of the mistakes I've made." But honestly, like, if you, if you think like that, then, well, you're an idiot, and you need to fix that. So that's that. So have this, have this thing, have one for every single month of the year, and then over the course... Like we've got, we've got ones 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021. And it's fun because you can go back and listen to calls you did in 2017 and then you're listening to calls that happen now and it's like a completely different human. (laughs) So it becomes awesome. So that's what you want to do for call recordings. That's how you store your recordings. And I basically systemize this, so like usually, 'cause I'm, I'm not now, but usually Saturday afternoons is where I go back and listen to my calls. Sometimes I'll speed them up 'cause we, you know, we do like 30, 40, 50 calls a week. It's kinda chaotic to listen to them all Um, but I try to get through them. Like I'll just block out a certain time on Saturday to do it, or Monday evening sometimes, or Wednesday lunchtime if I've got some time. And you just want to start getting into the habit of just listening to your calls, listening back to them, figuring out what's working, what isn't. Honestly, I, I would advise you just replay what I've said in the last 20 minutes 100 times. Drill it into your mind because I forgot about this and it cost me very dearly. You know, I, I was like, "Oh yeah, I'm just recording and storing my calls," but there's no point in recording your calls if you don't actually listen to them. So, absolutely imperative that you do this, okay? So use the framework, use that folder structure, and make sure you record your calls. So let's move forward to the next part of the video. So now let's talk about modifying your script and the two-step modification process. So, let's walk through the script quickly, um, and I'm gonna give you some action items for modification here. So, basically, in the last video, uh, we gave you a copy of the Imperium Agency Conversion Script, um, and you can go back and download it as a Keynote, uh, or a PowerPoint. And what you want to do is basically go ahead and open this one up in your computer and have it as a PowerPoint or a Keynote, uh, so that you can obviously start working through editing it. So, I'm just gonna quickly walk you through. I mean, this, this thing's a bit of a no-brainer, so I'm not gonna spend too long doing it. But you don't need to change anything here, like the pre-call preparation, unless there's anything you want to add, like, but this is pretty much everything you need Um, but let's walk through this step-by-step. So, section one, you, you really aren't gonna have to make any changes to this. Um, it's basically universal. Section two, once again, no changes required. Section three, no changes required. So these first three sections you can leave as they are. Like, you can, you can make, maybe make a couple of edits here and there, but you really don't want to stray too far away from this stuff. It's, it's quite straightforward. So section four, um, you really, if you're selling these, these sort of business solutions and, and, um, agency retainers or coaching, you want to ask these questions. Um, you might want to add a couple of questions in here as well. So, for example, with NorthFlow, um, we would ask, you know, like, "Okay, so what sort of ... What's the size of your gym? Like how many members could you have? How many appointments could you have?" Like we would, we'd obviously ask some more niche-specific questions, um, to them and say, we could obviously get a picture. So, grab this. I mean, for now, all of these questions is probably enough for you to sell and close deals. But if, for example, you're working with e-commerce stores, you might want to say, "Okay, so, you know, what, um, what sort of platform are you using for e-commerce? Is it Shopify? Is it WooCommerce?" Like, "Okay, well, what's that, what's..." Like if, if you're selling SEO, like, "What's your website built in?" Like, you know, these, these things, you don't want this to be too long. Like, I really wouldn't ask more than, like, an extra three questions here. Um, but you obviously are gonna have some specific information that you need, because remember, section four is just about understanding where they're at. And we can't understand where they're at unless we ask them some specific questions about

... that. So make sure you proceed, um, and take care of that and it's quite straightforward. So section five, indirectly cause pain. So once again, uh, you want to sort of leave these core, uh, questions here. But you are also going to want to add some extra questions, um, dependent, like ones that will cause pain indirectly, um, if you want to. You can... I mean, I just ask these ones. I don't really add anything else. Um, but you can ask like, um, you know, what's, what's the, you know, what's the lead quality been like? Like if you know they've got shitty leads, like what's the lead quality been like? Or, um, what is it about your appointment setting process that isn't working for you? You know, just, just some basic extra questions here, um, to sort of just make edits. Now, don't remove any of these questions, just add one or two more that might be specific to your niche. Like if it's e-commerce, it's like, "Oh, well, what's the, what sort of grinds your gears with Facebook Ads?" Like if you know, if they've said to you like, "Oh, I just want to learn how to do Facebook Ads better," you can, you can sort of dig into that here and be like, "Well, you know, you're, you're running ads for yourself at the moment. Is that correct?" "Yeah." "Okay. So walk me through why you don't enjoy doing that." And, you know, just do, ask them questions that create pain. Okay. Section six, um, define their goal and future pace it. This is gonna be pretty universal. You won't really need to make any edits or changes here. Um, you need to ask these questions. You want to get a specific answer. Do not remove this question or change it. Please don't. It's the most important one in the whole script, really. Um, so that's pretty much fine. Um, section seven, once again, universal. Uh, you know, seldom is anyone gonna change this. Um, really, like, I mean, it depends, 'cause like with gyms for example, sometimes if someone didn't tell us the amount of money, we'd usually just end the call. But before doing that, we would sometimes say, "Well, how many members have you got?" And then they'd say, "I've got 100." And then we'd say, "Well, how many members do you want?" And they'd say, "200." So you could, you can leverage a different metric, but really you want to stick to your guns and keep that the same. Um, section eight, once again, it's gonna be the same. Like you don't, you know, you might want to ask an extra question here. You could ask them like, you know, "So what, what sort of impact is this having on you, like not being at your goal?" One one w- we asked for Imperium at the moment, we're just testing it, is, "So 12 months down the line, if the agency was still where it is, would you still be running it?" You know, that brings in some emotional drivers. So you might want to add one or two more here. But we don't, like, you don't want to add questions that are irrelevant. So honestly, like if you wanna add a question to this script, you want to just make sure that it's absolutely necessary for you understanding their situation and, you know, causing them pain. Like you don't really want to have like... 'Cause this, this thing's been built to do in 45 minutes and we don't want to sort of drag out the questioning for an hour. So (laughs) definitely don't do that. Uh, section nine, c- statement of confidence, permission to explain. Same thing, no need to change this. You might want to change how you state this. You know, "Well, I can say with a lot of confidence we can definitely help with this." You might want to say, "Okay, Claire, well I'm absolutely certain we are in a position to help you. Am I all right to explain how?" You know, you can just change that to suit your language. Same with all these other questions. Like if, if you'd rather, instead of saying, "Okay, when do you want to fix this problem?" If you're more comfortable saying, "Okay, and what sort of timeframe are you working on here? When, when do you want this thing fixed?" You know, you can, you can make edits, make amendments, but keep it concise Um, one of the bad habits I got into at one point was asking two questions in one go. So I'd be like, "Okay, Claire, and when do you want to fix this problem? What sort of timeframe are you working on?" Like I'd asked them two questions that meant the same thing and it was just, it would scatter their brain. So don't do that. Section ten, state your expertise. Um, I'm gonna walk you through how to write this out in a bit. Eleven, vaguely pitch your offer. Once again, I'll walk you out how to do this. And section 12, really you can change this a little bit if you want to, but the main thing you'll be editing here is obviously just your, um, your amount. Now I know that this, this shouldn't be $2,000, it should be $1,500. Um, so, you know, (laughs) don't make that mistake. Like the setup fee is not what you'll be charging per month. So this, this says 1.5K, this should be 1.5K. Um, these, these two numbers here should be identical. Okay. And that's that, really. Um, I mean, it's not, it's not rocket science. (laughs) You know, it's just, um, just using intelligent questioning. So that's, that's a quick walkthrough of the script. Um, and now let's just walk through some action items for modification. So the first one is obviously to adjust or add script questions, uh, so that the script fits your niche and offer. Uh, the second one is to craft out your expertise statement and perfect it so delivery is smooth and consistent. And same thing with your pitch. Okay, so we craft both of those. And then once you're happy with this, you have version 1.0 of your script and you're ready to start testing Um, and obviously remember here that like the objective of your next calls, like the upcoming calls you have, is not only to close clients and diagnose them, but also to establish a proof of concept with your script. So let's actually go ahead and, um, and take a look at this now, because what I want to do, and I've got this, um, I've got this last slide here, but let's walk through this quickly as well, 'cause this is part two. So once you've taken all these action items, and we're gonna go through and do some of this in a second, um, this is what you want to do next. So now that you're going to start making calls using your modified script, as you do, you want to record these calls and listen back to them for feedback to figure out where you are weak and where you are strong. And after each call, you want to fill out the script feedback form resource, which is available in the resources section. And as a rule of thumb, you must test your script against 30 calls before actually making a decision as to whether or not it's viable and needs to be changed. Okay. Averages show themselves over time, and you cannot afford to make rash decisions without accurate data to support it. Stick to version 1.0 for at least 30 calls before you make any changes. So modify your script now, do these action items, and then you don't want to make any more changes to your script until you've conducted 30 discovery calls or 30 45-minute strategy sessions. Do not change your script until you've conducted 30 calls. Burn it into your brain. Don't do one call w... only for it to go horribly wrong and then for you to doubt the whole process and change everything. People... Agency owners have this habit of making wild, drastic changes to their entire business based on the feedback or the, the answers of one call or two calls. Like, you could do... The reason we say 30 calls is because if your conversion rate on the script by default is 20%, then it's entirely possible for you to go 20, 24 calls dry and then to get six closes at the end, right? (laughs) You know, so you wanna, you want this thing to, to come out over time, and we'll talk about this in the emotional management video and the oscillation of doubt, but you really need to test this against 30 calls first. So, now let's talk about this resource, um, which is the script feedback form. Um, this is really helpful. So as you go through and do 30 calls, um, this... You can basically log the feedback on this form, so I'm not just giving you, like, a framework here, I'm actually giving you some instructions. So this form may be the most valuable thing you have and use in your career as a sales professional. Use this to log feedback on your script and make a monthly habit of reviewing what is on the form and make changes to your script accordingly. Print it out and complete your, for your next 30 calls and then make adjustments and do it again. So what we want to do here is commit to modifying our scripts today and then commit to doing 30 full qualified strategy... Well, not qualified, but just 30 strategy sessions with people in your niche before we change it, and this form will keep you in check because what you want to do here is print this out and put your script version, which will be 1.0 to begin with, and we want to do 30 calls. So as you go through and do each call, you want to start by crothing- crossing off the numbers as you go. So we've got one through 30 here and until you've crossed out number 30, you are not allowed to make any changes to your existing script. So it's gonna take 30 calls to complete this form, so make sure you actually do 30 calls with the exact script and make adjustments as necessary at the end. Don't get emotional or make changes beforehand. You must make 30 full calls before judging your script, okay? Like, if anyone comes to me and they're like, "Oh, my script isn't working," and I'm like, "Well, how many full calls have you actually done with this script?" And you're like, "Oh, I've done six, but I'm doubting it," well that's, that's 20% of what you should have done. So don't come to, uh, anyone asking for help about your script if you have done less than 30 calls, okay? People do this. It's just a... It's just this, this instant gratification problem that everybody has. People who start agencies are like... And everyone who starts a business is usually just completely ruined by instant gratification where they've got, you know, constant... Are they like, "Oh, I, I go on Instagram, I get likes. I go on Amazon, I get my parcels delivered the next day. I go on Netflix, I watch a movie instantly. I can go to McDonald's and have a dopamine..." Like, all of this... Pretty much every action we take in, in 20... In the, in the, in this day and age revolves around instant gratification, and business and sales is just delayed gratification So if you do your script and you do three calls and it's back-to-back nos, then... And you panic, then it's just because your brain is being totally fucked by instant gratification feedback loops. So, you know, I can go 10 calls without a close and stay completely rational and completely, like, an- anxiety-free because I know that, you know, it could be the case that the next five calls in a row are closed. Like, this is called regression to the mean, and numbers show themselves over time. So don't go out there with your new script, all confident, and then do, like, 10 calls and get back-to-back nos and then start stressing, okay? Do 30, then listen... Well, as you're going, listen back to all the feedback and then make amendments. Everything can be fixed. Every problem can be solved. Improvements are i- impossible to not make if you actually do the work, so don't get emotional. Do not... Like, I mean, to be fair, if you, if you're serious about scaling to seven figures and you have an Instagram account that you use daily or, like, an Amazon Prime thing that you, you watch for five hours a day or Facebook open all the time, then you're just... You're not gonna win. Seriously. Like, Bo and I, we, we're serious. We wanna get, we wanna get Imperium Agency to eight figures, right? It's our, it's our mission. We're not gonna get there by scrolling through Instagram. We're not gonna get there by eating shitty food. We're not gonna get there by watching hours and hours of Netflix every day Like, we just, we're just not, because all of those activities encourage instant gratification and they train our brains to, to be hardwired to look for immediate results, and in business, immediate results are nonexistent, and anyone who promises immediate results is, is just not really gonna work. Now, you can obviously leverage that a bit more in a sales call, but like, don't get emotional about this stuff. Okay, let's move on. So I sort of rambled there. So what you want to then do is I think I've got, um, 12 different points here. So as you go back and record your calls and listen to them, you want to answer these questions and you want to fill these things out in full over the course of 30 calls. So what you can do here is click here for the Google doc, um, and I'd recommend you basically go here to File, Make a Copy, in your own Drive so you can edit it, and then, you know, you can... If you want to cross this out, just press Command-Shift-X and you can sort of work through this, um, if you're on Mac, or it might be Command-X if you're... or Control-X or something if you're on Windows. But then just go through here and start typing out answers, okay? So let's work through these. So number, number two, or first question, is what words, phrase, or sentences do your prospects keep repeating? So you want to figure out what words and what phrases and, and everything, what, what's common for them to say and, like, you know, what do they like? Like, what do they... Do they, like, do they keep saying, "I want to work on the business and not in it," or do I want... Do they keep saying words like automation or do they keep saying words like, you know, successful Like, you've gotta, you've gotta figure out these words because then you can start to use them against them. Number three, are there recurring stories from prospects? What storyline keeps occurringNumber four, what are your prospects bored talking about? What makes them sad or bored? Number five, are there common metaphors or analogies your prospects keep using? Number six, what are your prospects getting excited about? What adjectives do prospect use to describe their current situation? You know, if they're saying, "I'm miserable," or bad, or terrible, or unfortunate, you want to know these words because, y- like, you, there's fractal patterns in your niche. Like, if you can understand 10 people in your niche, you can generally understand your whole niche. And language used in a small group is going to be language used in a large group if those people have affinity to each other. What desires and needs are common among your prospects? What common questions are prospects asking you post-pitch? What is the main objection? Or what are the main objections your prospects are giving you? What's the average call conclusion? Are there any words that you're using that hit home? What are they? This is a really good one, because what you want to do is establish sentences or phrases that really hit them in the feelings. Like, really sort of just drive your point home, and that they're like, "Oh my God, that makes so much sense." So, you wanna figure this out. Now, all of this is really just niche research. Like, you can just... If you, if you can do this stuff for the next, like, three months, you're probably gonna understand your niche better than anyone else in the market. Um, and the most reliable form of feedback and the most reliable form of research in your niche is just doing phone calls with them and, and asking difficult questions and figuring out what's going on. So, you want to go through and fill this feedback form out. I- like, seriously, if someone come... If you come to us in the, in the group calls, or if you come to us in the Facebook group, or if you ask for support, and you s- and it's about your sales script, then the first thing we're going to ask to see is the script feedback forms that you've used or the script feedback form you've used to actually, like, come to the conclusion that your script isn't working. Because, you know, nine times out of ten, if someone uses this, like, it's gonna be... They'll... It'll be quite apparent what needs to change, okay? So, super important, um, make sure you use this. Do 30 calls first, and like I said, like, if, if, if you come to us and you're like, "Hey, Charlie, my s- my script's not working. Oh, you know, things are... Things aren't working." And I'm like, "Well, how many calls you done?" You're like, "Oh, I've done five." I'm like, "Okay, have you listened to them?" "Uh, n- no, no, no, I haven't had time yet." It's like, "Well, have you... have you written out what's common? Like, have you written out, you know, the, the objections? Like, what are the main objections that have prevented you from closing them? You know, what have the... what have the conclusions of the call been? Like, you know, i- what questions have they asked you?" And generally, what you can do then, you're like, "Well, they asked me these questions." And then you're like, "Okay, well show me your answers to those questions." And then it's like, the... It's like, "Oh, I didn't... don't really have an answer to those questions." It's like, "Well, of course they're not closing then. And of course they're objecting to you because you're not answering their questions properly." So then you just, you just sort of fix it. Like (laughs) this, this thing is just like a... it's like a self-cleaning. You become like a self-cleaning oven. (laughs) You can just clean yourself, and you can fix yourself with reliable feedback. So that's the script feedback form. Very powerful. Very, very, very good. Make sure you keep a log of these, because they're really gonna help you understand your niche. And if you do this every month for a year, you're just gonna turn into an absolute machine. Like, you will just... God, I, I, I would, I would not want to go up against anyone that does this. I mean, we do this, and I wouldn't want to compete with us. So, that's how it works. Okay. So that's the script form. Uh, so that's the script feedback form resource. So now let's talk about writing your expertise statement and pitch. Okay? Because as you're aware, um, in the sales script, if I pull it up here, let's just go through here, everything is basically done for you except from section 10 and section 11. So, it's kind of obvious that if you're going to go wrong, it's going to be in section 10 or section 11, right? You know, because you have to do this yourself. So what I've done is prepared some resources that give you frameworks for writing these and also some examples as well. So let's dive in. So the first resource we have here is writing your expertise statement, and this is a PDF which is available in the download section below this video. You're gonna have a lot of resources from here, and they're all going to be very useful. So writing your expertise statement. And just so you know, the expertise statement, in case you can't remember, is section 10. So, so this is basically what you say after you ask the prospect permission to explain how it works. So you go through all the sections, you get to section nine, you tell them you can help them with a lot of confidence, and then you ask them if it's okay if you explain how, and then you basically state what you're an expert at, you state who you work with, and then you shut up. So we need to sort of fill this blank in. And what you're gonna do right now is write this out, okay? And we're gonna get it done today on this video. So use this resource to write your expertise statement. The purpose of this statement is to state what you're an expert at and to indirectly make the prospect realize that you are the right person or company for the job. So, the expertise statement is broken down into two parts, because as you remember here, we have this first sentence, which is where we sort of have this help blank-to-blank-by-blank statement. And then we have this second statement, which is where we sort of explain who the ideal client is, which is... which they should see themselves in. So first of all, let's talk about part one, which is just your sort of "I help blank-to-blank" statement. So rules: should be no longer than three sentences, must address the prospect's desired situation in broad terms, should focus directly, um, sorry, should directly address the prospect, focuses on the end result. So you're talking about members, or clients, or sellers, or customers. You're not talking about leads or appointments, you're talking about the... what, what comes of this. Like, I see this all the time where agency owners are like, "Yeah, we can help you get more leads." Business owners do not want leads, they want appointments, and they don't want appointments, they want people in the door. They don't want people in the door, they want sales. They don't want sales, they want long-term paying customers. So we must promise them the end result. And simple is better, don't overcomplicate. So we don't need to spend hours writing this. It can be done quite quickly. So, to write this statement, part one, it's really simple. You want to define three things. So first of all, you decide... you define your niche. You should definitely know this. It should just be gym owners or skincare/beauty brands or dentists, and then you define what they want. So, it could be more traffic to their store or, or more, you know, more buyers for their, um, specific skincare product, or it should be more Invisalign clients or more long-term, long contract members. And then you define how you get them that. Right? That's all we're defining. So you want to write yours out below. So first of all, what's your niche or market? Is it dentists? Is it, is it law attorneys? Is it CrossFit gyms? Is it... What... Who you're working with? Then you write down what you help them achieve, which is really just getting what they want, right? And then you write down how you do this. Now, you want this thing to be sexy. You want it to pack a punch. Do not say something trite and boring like, "By using Facebook ads." So don't say, "I help gyms get more members by using Facebook ads." No, that's quite boring, and they've heard that before. So instead of saying, "By using Facebook ads," you want to say something sexier like, "By leveraging proven and battle-tested digital marketing strategies." It's the same thing, (laughs) but you've just, you've just sort of packaged it up nicer. And you want to spend some time doing this. You don't... Eh, you want it to sound professional and a little bit complicated. Um, because, you know, you c- anyone can say, "Yeah, I know how to do Facebook ads," but not everyone can say, "Well, I leverage proven and battle-tested digital marketing strategies." If you take a look here at North Flow Consulting's website, instead of just saying, "North Flow Consulting does Facebook ads for gyms," we say, "North Flow Consulting leverages proven, reliable, and automated membership acquisition systems to generate a consistent number of new members for fitness studio owners every month on demand and with predictability." Okay? And then we have a program, um...

Instead of saying, "The Gym Growth Accelerator Programme teaches you how to do Facebook ads," we say, "The Gym Growth Accelerator Programme contains proven processes and marketing strategies designed for independent gyms and studios, franchie location..." Oh, sorry. Franchie? "Franchise location owners and franchisors who want to scale their membership acquisition." So, we don't, we don't sell the Facebook ads. We sell the, the sort of concept of it, okay? Same thing w- if you're selling SEO. Don't say something trite and boring like, "Yeah, we do this by using SEO to rank for keywords." No, you wanna say something sexier, like, "By manipulating Google's algorithm to get your site above all your com- all your compe- (clicks tongue) all your competitors." Excuse me. I'm tripping over my words here. I'm speaking too quickly. Um, but yeah, you basically wanna make it sexy. So, take what you do, could be YouTube ads, could be Facebook ads, and just basically make it sexy. You know, make it sound enticing. It should basically... The, the way to, the way to do this is it should make your prospect sort of lean forward. You know, it should make them sort of, it should make them sort of, it should make their ears prick up a little bit. They should be like, "Well that sounds, that sounds pretty cool. Like that, that, that sounds like y- like, God, leveraging proven and battle-tested marketing strategies? Blimey." Like if you say Facebook ads, they're like, "Oh, come on man, I've heard that before." So, you know, we're still keeping it relatively vague here because they'll probably ask us what strategies we use, and we'll (laughs) say Facebook. Um, but, you know, you d- you want to avoid using these, these trite, boring buzzwords. So then, once you've defined what your niche and market is, who, what you help them achieve and how you do it, you put it all together. So, you just put, "I help gym owners," or you could put... Your niche could be struggling gym owners or gym owners who want to grow, "to get more members by," and then you put your by statement. So for Northflow, this is literally the, the script that we've used. Um, so I say, "Our area of expertise is in helping gyms to get more members. We do this by educating them on and helping them install predictable, reliable, and scalable membership acquisition systems." So I don't say, "Our area of expertise is in helping gyms to get more members. We do this by helping them learn how to use Facebook ads and build funnels." No. No, no, no. "We do this by helping them install predictable, reliable, and scalable membership acquisition systems." This is the one we use for Imperium at the moment. "Our area of expertise is in helping agency owners get more clients. We do this by educating them on and helping them install kick-ass client acquisition and sales systems that are totally automated." It's a huge difference. You gotta wrap it up. Remember, we are marketers. We are salespeople. We want to make this stuff sound cool. Write your own, okay? Do not copy ours word-for-word. Do not, for the love of God, copy and paste either of these statements and just switch it, stuff all around, right? The only reason that these, these statements work so well for us is because they are our statements, right? They are our words, and it's what flows for us. Your niche will be different. If you try to use our words, it'll feel alien to you, and more importantly, alien to your prospect. So, these are examples that we use for our businesses. You're gonna want to come up with your own. You can, you know, take what you want from it. Um, yeah, that's how it works. And the key words that we include are automations, systems, reliable, scale, more in the door, and automation, again. (laughs) I put it again twice because what we've done is we've basically used this script feedback form so many times, and if I go down here, um... What's one of, what's the... Where is it? Um, where is it? Oh, here it is. "What words, phrases, or sentences do your prospects keep repeating?" So one thing we noticed that gyms kept saying was the phrase, "I want more in the door." So, we basically leverage more in the door in our pitch sometimes. One thing we saw them say is they want something that's reliable, so we leverage reliable in our pitch. So this is why this script feedback form just becomes an absolute powerhouse for you, and you can use this to just change your script to make changes as you go along. Find your own keywords. Basically, really, (laughs) all you've gotta do is figure out what turns your niche on and leverage them in your pitches So, expertise statement part two. So we have part two to this, which is this one here, okay? So this is where you state who you help at a high level, but in high enough detail so that the prospect associates themselves with who you help. So, what we're doing here is sort of just painting a broad picture for who we help, and then the prospect needs to fit themselves into that category. Now, I'm not gonna read this out because this is basically the script, but all you want to do is sort of just change this around to suit your niche. And it's dynamic, so it's gonna depend upon the prospect and the situation that you're in. So you don't just say, "10 to 30K per month" every time, because the prospect might be doing 60K a month. You know, you want to, you want to change these sort of goalposts according to the prospect, um, their current situation, and of course, the desired situation. And when you state your expertise and who you help, you want to say it in such a way that the client thinks, "Damn, that's my situation," or, "Well, this seems like a good fit." It should sound perfect for them. And obviously, when you're talking about these goalposts here, don't make them mega specific. Right, so if your prospect wants 22K a month, then you're not gonna say, "Oh, the ideal gym for us to work with is making between 21 and 23K a month." Like, it'll become obvious (laughs) why you're saying it, so, you just say, "20 to 30K a month." All right? So write out your statements below, practice them till they're perfect, and remembry that... Er, sorry. Remember that delivery is more important than content. So, you want to make sure you're delivering this stuff with confidence, okay? Don't just have an awesome script and then have it, have it flop. So that's the expertise statement, and the next resource is actually for writing out your pitch. So, this is another resource here, slightly longer than the previous oneBut what we want to do now, first of all, is pause the video and make sure that you've gone ahead and written out your expertise statement. And then once you've done that, um, and once you're happy with it, and once you think you can deliver it with confidence, then we'll write your pitch. So don't do both of these. Like, if you haven't done the expertise statement yet, then pause the video right now, go and do it, and then come back to this bit. Because otherwise, you've got two things to do and you'll confuse them. So, this document will give you frameworks for writing your pitch. The key to the pitch is to remember that deliverability is the main thing that matters. Deliverability is everything. The way you say it is more important than what you say. If you write out a pitch you're not confident in delivering, then it's gonna suck, right? You can have the best script in the world, but if it isn't delivered well, it'll suck. Think about it, you can get a script for a scene from a famous movie, but if you can't deliver it well, then the script won't really mean shit. Right? You could, you could probably go online and find l- what Leonardo DiCaprio used, the script that he used in Titanic, but just because you've got his script doesn't mean that you're gonna be able to perform it like him. So, (laughs) you know, just remember that delivery is everything, and really a lot of the deliverabi- a lot of the delivery will depend upon the words that are used and if they're comfortable coming from your mouth. And this resource will help you build your script and create a compelling two-minute pitch that will invoke curiosity and desire in your prospect's heart and mind. "If you have a common objection, try to pre-counter it in your script." So this is a really cool point here. If you know that your niche have common objections, and the way you'll know this is by using the script feedback form, section 10, um, like, if you know that your niche tend to object to one specific thing, then what you can do is you can try and pre-counter it in your script. So with Imperium, for example, one of the objections we have is that people want a done-for-you solution, they don't want to do a program. So, what we do in our pitch sometimes is we'll say, "And, you know, we deliver this in a program, and the reason we do that is because we actually tested both and we found the program works a lot better," which is the truth. So that they can't really object to that because th- we've already told them why we do it. Like, it's called the reason respecting tendency. And the other note here is that you do not want to include your guarantee in the pitch. So we str- we, I strongly advise you have a guarantee, but you don't include it in the pitch, right? It's an important thing to have, but you do not, for the love of God, include it in the pitch because if you include the guarantee to, like, in your pitch, then w- what's gonna happen is the prospect will fixate on the risk of working with you, and their first question will be about the guarantee. So the guarantee should, you should really have that in your back pocket. You should... First of all, you want to leverage your guarantee to get people on the phone, but then your guarantee should really be a weapon to handle objections So you don't really want to mention that you have, you guarantee results until, until the prospect has an objection like, "Oh, I don't wanna, I don't wanna risk it." And then you say, "Ah, well, I don't want you to risk it either, which is exactly why we have this guarantee in place. Would you like me to explain how the guarantee works?" And then you, you welcome the objection. So you keep the guarantee in your back pocket, and that applies whether it's a guarantee for money back or anything like that, because if you, if you introduce it too early, then the, the prospect's mind will go away from the outcome and then they'll fixate on the guarantee and then the potential risk of, of actually coming on board. So, it's a powerful weapon, but you don't include it in the pitch, because the other thing about the guarantee is after the prospect asks how the guarantee works, most guarantees are tied to the price of the product. So, what will happen immediately after they ask about the guarantee is they'll then ask about the price, right? And they'll ask about the price before wanting to know any more about your product and then it's just too early. So they'll have, they'll have sort of have your pitch to go off of, which is quite vague, and then they'll also understand the guarantee and then they'll have the price, and they won't really understand how your product actually works at that point. All their fixation will be is on the guarantee and the price and then they'll just, it will just fall apart So don't include the guarantee in your pitch. So rules to remember. First of all, keep it vague, but not too vague. Number two, don't, do not mention, explain, or discuss features. This is the key one. Don't talk about the fact you use Facebook ads, don't talk about your pixel or your retargeting. Keep it under two minutes long, okay, but not too short. Talk at a high level. Keep the prospect fixated on the outcome. Delivery is more important than the content. After presenting your offer, shut up and be dead silent. And this pitch must not solve their problem or remove their pain. So, this is key because we want the prospect to sit with the gravity of their situation. And if you remember, we call that sweating the gravity of the situation. So we want to present our pitch in a way that's confident, but we don't want to say words like, "Hey, and don't worry about that because we're gonna do this," or, "This will solve all your problems." Like, you, you want to just sort of entice them with it. It's not like a... You don't want to put the Band-Aid on just yet. That happens after the close. So, here's how to write it. So what you do is you pick the three to four key benefits that your offer contains to get the desired outcome. So you pick three things about your service that are absolutely integral to them getting the result. Now, we don't... Yeah, obviously Facebook ads is gonna be one of them, but like, or SEO or something, but you want to pick three key benefits about that, like automation or scalability or, you know, all these, all these cool, like, you know, um, like, what you could have, like, massive audiences if you're doing Facebook ads, for example, would be one Like, you know, we've got a huge audience to pull from, so it's really good because it's, uh, it gives the campaign a lot of longevity, for example. So you pick the three to four key benefits that your offer contains to get the desired outcome. Once again, like, it's all about the outcome, so these benefits should really just be related to the outcome. Um, and what you do when you pitch this is you basically explain the benefit and then you explain how that helps them get the desired outcome and then, really, all the prospect then has to go off of is the benefits of your service and then how that happens with the outcome. So it just becomes a sure thing in their mind. So we don't just talk about Facebook ads, you talk about the benefits of Facebook ads, which could be anything from, like I said, scalability or whatever, and then you explain how that ties back into their outcome. So when you're pitching, it's like you pitch one point, you pitch a benefit, and then you explain how that achieves the outcome they wantNumber two, for each of those three to four things, write a concise and convincing paragraph that can be delivered in 30 seconds or less. So this is how we structure our pitches. We pick the key benefits, we explain how they help them get to where they want to be, and then we just basically move onto the next thing. And then number three is to arrange those paragraphs in order of importance. Number four is to use connective phrases or words to make your offer flow. So you're gonna have a few different paragraphs here, and you don't just want them to sort of like end. You know, (laughs) you want them to continue to flow, so you would basically use these connective phrases like, "And then what we do..." Or, "But it doesn't stop there..." Or, "Now, in addition to that..." So if I said, for example, um, if I said, "So we start off, first of all, by taking care of everything for you. We write out all your ads, we build out all your funnels, um, and it really is a hands-off approach for you, because it means you don't have to do anything. It's all taken care of. And then what we do..." Or, "But it doesn't stop there..." Or, "Now, in addition to that, we then also take care of this, or we do this, or we press play." So use connective phrases. Don't just have these blocky paragraphs where they don't flow. Like this thing needs to just sound like it's all happening in one big go. Like it doesn't, it shouldn't sound to the prospect like you've actually got a script in front of you. And the easiest way for that to happen is to have these connective phrases. So at the end of the offer, you want to include a section that says, "So you can see that this is purely designed to help blank go from blank to blank." So once again, we basically just summarize that we can help them do what they want. Like we just sort of... It's, it's kind of like the cherry on top of the cake, really. You explain the key benefits and how they get them the outcome, and then you basically just clarify that you, you know, this, the whole thing is built to help them go from where they are to where they want to be. So this statement basically just drills in the fact that we are the bridge the prospect needs to cross the gap. And it, that's kind of just how it works. Okay? So you, you tie this off, and then they're like, "Oh, my God. It's actually right," you know? And if you deliver this with enough confidence, you're not even gonna have any objections, r- (laughs) it's kind of awesome. Um, so number six is to round off your offer, um, with a phrase that raises certainty in the prospect's mind, such as, "It works really well, and we've done it for a lot of people, so that's how it works." So you don't just want your... You don't just want this pitch to sort of just end abruptly. You want to sort of, first of all, wrap up the fact that it helps people like them get what they want, and then you also want to round it off with, with something that raises certainty, so like, you know, "It works really well," or you could say, um, "So what you can see, Claire, is that what we have here is designed purely to help gym owners just like you go from that 10K a month mark to 30K a month mark in a relatively short period of time. So that's basically what we offer, and it's incredibly good at doing that, and I'm so excited to have had the chance to share it with you." And then that's, that's sort of how I would end my pitch, you know? And that might sound cool coming from me, and it'll take some time for you to develop that confidence, but that's sort of how you tie this thing up, okay? So y- you basically just open it with the benefits, and then you can also say, you, you know, if you've got social proof, you can say, you know, uh, "It works really well. It works so well, in fact, Claire, that we've actually helped 350 gyms do this. And we're very proud of that number, but we want it to be 351, which is exactly why we're talking to you." You know, you say that with some tongue-in-cheek. Um, I mean, I could give examples like that all day. I love this shit. Um, so here's a few examples. I'm not gonna actually read these out. But these are, this is one that we use for Northflow when we're selling our training program. Um, this is a consultancy training program, so it's not actually done for you, but the principles still apply. This is the script we use for Empyrean, works a charm. But what I have got here is a, um, ad lib script for dentists, right? So I just wrote this out. I haven't actually tested this at all. So I just, I wanted to give you an exam- the, the examples we've actually used in Northflow, the examples we've actually used in Empyrean for our actual live businesses that we do have. But then I also wanted to give you the script for, um, Done For You as well. So I've never used this before. It literally, I wrote it in like five minutes. You know, once you get good at writing scripts and stuff, it really doesn't take more than like a couple of minutes, um, to write (laughs) this stuff out But what you can see here is we've got main paragraph one, main paragraph two, main paragraph three, and then we sort of wrap it up, right? So this is an ad lib script for dentists, not tested, just an example. But this is how I would deliver it. Okay, so if I was, if I was using this script, and I was at this point in the call, this is what I'd say. So I'd say, "So John, well, we basically come in and automate all of your marketing for you. I mean, we take care of everything, right?" (laughs) And it's very hands-off on your end, which is important, because you really don't want to be focusing on this stuff. You want it done for you. "So we'll write all your ads, we'll build all your funnels, and we'll set everything up in the back end. So that's all taken care of for you. It's basically just a hands-off solution. We've already got the stuff that works, and we set it up. Now, once we've set everything up, we'll send it over to you for approval, uh, just to make sure that you're happy with it, and then we just basically press play on the system. Um, and after that, everything in your business will change, and I really mean that. I mean you'll start having one to three new prospects walking through your door every day, credit card in hand, interested in buying your high-ticket Invisalign plan. So we'll actually be generating inquiries and prospects specifically for that offer that you want to sell more of so that there's no discrepancy between what people are coming in for and what you actually sell, uh, which is obviously quite important. And our system will take care of all the lead generation and appointment booking. I mean, we'll provide full transparency as well. So you can have access to all the relevant numbers, you can have access to all the KPIs and all the metrics we use, um, just so that you can check in anytime to see how much money we've made for you, right? "You know, we want to make sure that we are establishing a very good relationship with you, and more importantly, establishing ridiculous levels of return on investment, and we're always keen for you to see how well we're doing. So we'll make that fully available. And after a while, once you've established proof of concept with this, we then have the option to scale, John. Uh, it really isn't a question of whether or not we can get people in your door. It's just a question of how many you can handle. I mean, we've proven the system to work time and time again, and it is ruthlessly effective in helping dentists get more Invisalign clients. So we know it works, and I'm very confident it works. I hope you can share my confidence here. Um, but you know, if you've got the room for more people in the door, then we've got the system to get them there. And our objective is to have you focusing solely on two things, right? We want you, A, getting new clients on board and delivering them great results. And you know, that's really all we want you to do, is just, sorry, A, new people on board, and B, getting them results. That's what you started your practice for, and that's what we have. And, and we do that, and we help you do those things by leveraging our expertise and systems that we've already proven to work dozens of times over. So that's how it works. Uh, it's pretty damn powerful, and honestly, I think it will be the perfect fit for what you're looking to do. I mean, this, this thing is, is specifically designed for dentists who are struggling to get more clients. You know, they're typically doing, in your case, for example, 20K a month, and you want to get to 60K a month over the course of 12 months And I'm absolutely certain that this system is the one for you. In fact, I would go as far to say that I have a moral obligation to get you on board here, because I can see that we can help you quite clearly. So that's how it works." Okay, so I know that script might have been a bit off, off-topic there. Like I sort of went a bit more ad lib than what we just had here. Um, and you know, the best salespeople, you know, will be able to just sort of not make stuff up, (laughs) but that's, that's how it works. So you can see how I delivered that. Um, if you were a dentist sat across from me on a Zoom meeting, then you... I'm hoping, if I've done a good enough job and done my job properly, that you would be extremely intrigued about how this works, and you probably have some questions and you'd be very interested. And you'll notice that how the main thing was really just my delivery. Right? This is probably just, uh, an average script, right? It's a cool script that..

... go out. But the way that I delivered it, the emphasis I put on different words, the way that I prolonged certain words, or the tonality and the pitch and the up and down nature of what I actually said is really the thing that had the most influence. And the other thing you can do is pause for very good effect. So it's like, you know, take, take this, this line here, right? So I'd say, "And John, our system will take care of all the lead generation and appointment booking. And we'll provide full transparency, too, and access to all the relevant numbers and KPIs so you can check in any time and see how much money we've made you." And so you can see, you, you kind of have these little pauses. So once you've written out your script, I want you to realize that writing the script is 20% of the battle. 80% of it is just figuring out how to deliver it in a way that is just potent, (laughs) okay? Um, and you know, it's, it's, it's crazy powerful. I could give another example here just to sort of walk you through the tonality. So let's take Imperium. So let's, let's say your name's Claire. "So Claire, what we've built is a program that shows you step-by-step how to install all of the strategies and exact methods that we've used to book and grow our own agency to 60K a month." And basically, what I'm saying there is we've scaled a very successful agency, and you can basically just copy and paste all of our processes. Um, and we know these processes work because we've scaled them ourselves. "Now, the whole program we have here is engineered with one specific goal in mind, which is basically to help you book more meetings with qualified prospects. In fact, when you use this stuff, you'll basically be getting anywhere between 30 to 100 qualified booked calls every single month in your niche from multiple sources, uh, to be more precise. And the way the program works is w- we'll basically start off by giving you all of our organic strategies, okay? So we'll show you how to use organic outreach platforms better than any of your competition, uh, so that you can have a message that stands out, you can have outreach that basically earns the respect of your market, and more importantly, gets bookings with ideal clients in your niche. And after giving you our entire playbook for organic strategies, we'll then teach you how to actually run paid ads to land more clients as well. And this really has been our secret sauce for scale, and we'll give you the exact process that we've used on paid ads to go from 32K a month to 70K a month in our own agency. And we'll also give you our entire sales system so that you can close 30 to 50% of the calls you book. And if that wasn't enough, we'll also show you how to systemize everything in your business. So we, we, we're gonna show you how to just completely outsource and automate attraction and sales, but we also want to help you automate your delivery, your operations, your onboarding, and everything in your business so that you can eventually work on the business and not in it, and it can really just become a vehicle to help you achieve that lifestyle that you've been telling me all about this time. And basically, it's a beast, right?" (laughs) "It's designed to help struggling agency owners break through and get to between 10 to 20K a month." And that's really how it works. So that's, that's the sort of pitch we use for Imperium. Now, this thing is still in the works, you know? We've been doing Imperium for about a month and a half now, so this is the first line of defense that we've had, (laughs) and we've obviously tested it and changed it. So I've, I've, I've no doubt that in a year from now, it will look totally different, and there's definitely things to be improved here. Like, we, we get a little bit too, you know, detailed around here, and I think also by focusing on our revenue, it can take away their, their focus. But you know, you can see there, it's about the delivery. So that's the examples. So what I want you to do is try writing yours out below. So what I've done here is just got a quick, quick sort of page, and in terms of the structure of your pitch, you should have your introduction, you should have key point one, key point two, key point three, and then maybe key point four, depending upon how long these other key points are. Um, and then you basically just have your summary. So take a look at the frameworks that we've given you here, okay? How to write it. Take a look at the examples we've got. Do not copy and paste these. I promise you, it won't work. Like, it really won't. It needs to be your own words. Like, if you're not the person typing out this stuff, then it will never, ever, ever feel comfortable to say. So by all means, take some inspiration, but don't... For the love of God, if you're in the dentist niche, do not copy and paste this, because I promise it won't work for you. Okay? So write it out here, and then basically, just practice the thing until it, until you can really just reel it off without even having to think about it, um, and to the point where it's just like an extension of your existence, really. And that's how you write your pitch. So I hope that one's been helpful, um, I mean, if I had this when I was writing my pitch a long time ago, I probably would be much further ahead than I am now, um, but it's very important. And don't forget, um... Sorry, that's the wrong, the wrong one. Do not forget these rules, okay? And these notes here. Really important things, okay? So that's everything you need to really write a successful pitch. So now, the last thing we're gonna talk about here is building your answer vault. So I've got a resource for you here called Building Your Answer Vault. So basically, after you have your pitch, so you've written your pitch now, and you should have, by the way, if you're watching this, having not written your pitch, you should pause the video and go do it now. But having written your pitch, after you say this thing, your prospects are gonna start to ask you questions, because we're sort of just shutting up after this point. We, we say what we say, you know, we say, "So that's how it works. It's pretty damn powerful, I think it would be perfect for you." And then we just, we're just, we're just silent, and the prospect then has no choice but to ask us questions. And what we want to do is build something that I call the answer vault, because in your niche... Well, actually, let me sort of open up this thing, 'cause it explains it quite well here. Right, let's look at this. So after you pitch your offer and what you do, you should just shut up. Then, your prospect will have no choice but to start asking you questions about how it works. We want to answer these questions concisely and with confidence, constantly looping back with a benefit. The truth here is that there are a finite number of questions your prospects can ask you, and you'll find that there is a pattern where 80% of the questions are asked on every callUse this resource to understand how to answer the prospect's questions and build a vault of answers that are repeatable every time. So really what we want to do here is just establish what questions are common and just write really, really, really strong answers to them. And then when you get to this point in the call, you just got an answer for everything. Like if there's- if someone has a question, then you've got the answer for it. A- and by, by the answer, I mean th- the answer that leads to the close. You know, you want to have these written out because then when you're selling, you don't really have to think too much. You can just sort of have your answer vault in front of you, and then if someone asks you a question, you quickly get down to the, the question, and then you just reel off the answer with loads of confidence. And it doesn't really matter then if you're tired on a sales call or if you're emotional. You can just basically have the same thing every time. (laughs) And I'm serious. Like, it will, there obviously there's gonna be random questions you never have the answer to, so you need to be quick on your feet. But for the most part, you're gonna find that there's three or four questions that just occur every single time, and you just want to write answers to those common questions so that you have a really reliable and predictable way of answering questions that, you know, lead people towards the close. So I've got a few frameworks here for question answering. So I'm not actually gonna ... I've given you one example here, but I'm not gonna give you any answers to questions, because you need to come up, uh, like, on your own. It's, it's the same thing with a script, but also there's gonna be all sorts of questions for different niches, and I can't cover that, right? (laughs) It's impossible. So, when answering questions, there's a few things you want to make sure you do. So first of all, you want to make sure that you are concise and don't tangent. So by don't tangent, I mean you answer their question and their question alone. You do not go off in different directions, okay? You don't want to say anything that's unrelated to their question. You don't want to answer something that hasn't been asked. You're just concise and don't tangent. You then want to also answer with raw confidence. So once again, it doesn't matter what you say. It matters entirely how you say it. So you really want to answer with confidence and conviction, and you just want to just be, uh, just this, this, like, beacon of confidence, because that's how your prospects are gonna be comfortable buying from you. And then you also want to start with, "Awesome question," or, "Great question," or, "I'm really glad you asked that." So if someone asks you a question, you want to just gratify it, and you want to say, "Ah, that's a really good question. I'm really glad you've asked that." So, you know, this is the same thing if someone asks you for the price. You say, "Ah, I knew we were gonna get to that, and I'm really glad we are, because the price is actually the best thing about this whole thing." Like, when you can answer questions like that, you can just basically completely eliminate any negative association. The same thing happens with objection handling. If someone was like, "Oh, man, I don't think this is the right thing for me at the moment," you say, "You know what, John? I'm actually so glad you said that, and I really don't think you have anything to worry about, and here's why." And you just, you just completely break their frame. Like, (laughs) you know, if someone, someone asks a question or comes up with an objection in a negative frame, and if they're met with this just overriding level of positivity and confidence, then they're not really in that negative frame anymore. And all you've gotta do is take them out of that frame. Now, we'll be covering all this in objection handling. I've got some incredible objection handling techniques for you guys. But, you know, start with this sort of, uh, positive answer. So, number four is don't be too vague, but also don't get lost in the weeds of details. So if people ask you, like, like, "How does your Facebook ads process work?" then you want to be, like, able to answer that in, like, less than a minute. You don't want to go in- off on like a ten-minute tangent about everything to do with your ads. Like, and then if, if, if you give, if, if you give them an answer it's not enough, then they will ask you another question related to it, and then you can answer that specifically. So we're not giving them loads of details. We're just being vague. So if they're like, if they said, "Oh, do you use the Facebook pixel?" we'd say, "Absolutely. Uh, that's integral to our strategy, and we've figured out how to make that work really well for dentists. Um, so well in fact that it's, it's the main thing that really helps us, so that's an awesome question." And then you don't ... and that's it. You don't, you don't go off and tell him how you use it. He's asked if you use it, and you say yes. Now, if he then asks you, "Oh, well, how do you use it?" you'd first of all say, "Well, I totally understand why you've asked that, but really this is a done-for-you solution. Like, do, do you want me to bother you with the details? Like, doesn't it just matter that it works?" Throw the question back and if they're like, "Yeah, I really wanna know," then you explain. So you don't really tell people these details until they literally ask, and even then you keep it vague and, and unspecific. Not, not unspecific, you just don't get lost, right, in the weeds of the details. Number five, after you answer a question, shut up. So, it's the same thing with the silence, right? You've just gotta ask, like answer their question specifically, and then just be quiet, and then they'll ask you another question. Okay? Really important. So remember, if the prospect is asking you questions, they are interested in buying. So if you can get someone to ask questions, really all you have to do is answer those in the right way, and people are gonna buy from you. Like, when we talk about the close, there's not really one specific point at which we close the prospect. It's like every answer to the question is a mini-close, because we're closing off the answer, and we're sort of just introducing more benefits to them. And every answer you give is an opportunity to sow more confidence in the prospect's mind and get them closed. This is absolutely key, right? So if someone asks you a question and you answer it with a bit of doubt, then you're removing confidence, but really people buy ... Like the- the- there's these things called action thresholds, which I'll be covering in objection handling. There's a bit of an overlap here. But, like, if someone, if someone buys, it's just because they've got enough confidence in you, your company, and your product. And really it's all about you. Like, it's about the confidence they have in you. So when you answer, you just want to basically use every single answer as a vehicle to get more confidence into their mind. And you also have to understand that your prospects ask questions with an intention, right? So that they're not asking random questions that mean nothing to them. Like, they're asking specifically with intention, and the intention is twofold. So the first intention is to either confirm a buying decision or sow doubt into it. So when you answer someone's question-You're either going to improve your chances of closing them or, like, decrease your chances of closing them. So they're asking the question because they either want to be more confident or because they're worried and they want to be more doubtful. But really, like if- if they actually want the problem solved, they- they want to buy from you, they just- they just want you to say the right thing. Right? They just- that's really all they're asking for. So for example, like if someone asks you a question, like if- if they- if they ask you, like if you use Facebook ads, for example, then they may be asking you because they've already tried and failed with Facebook ads and they want to be sure this is going to work for them. So if someone says to me, like, "Hey, do you use Facebook ads?" I'm like, "Yeah, that's a really good question. Do you mind if I ask why you ask that before I answer?" And then they're like, "Yeah, well, yeah, I've just- I've- I've tried it before and this other- other agency was really terrible." So the reason they've asked about Facebook ads is because they've got a negative experience with it. Now, chances are they want your product to work, but they also want to be sure that it works. And one of the frameworks they have to- to sort of bet that against is their previous experiences. So (clears throat) you need to understand that they're asking those questions with these points in mind, because if you just answer their question without really understanding why it's been asked, then you're not really going to get to the core of the matter. And the best thing to do is to use your answers as an opportunity to pre-counter objections. So someone saying, like, asking a question about Facebook ads could potentially lead to them objecting about it because they could say, "Do you use Facebook ads?" And then you say yes, and then they're like, "Oh, well, you know, I actually don't think I want to do this because I- I've tried Facebook ads before and it doesn't work." So you can- you can see how the objection handling section here becomes a bit of a chess game, right? It becomes a bit of a, I move this way, he moves that way, which means I move this way. So really, like, the best salespeople that I know and like they just- they have really good answers to- to difficult questions. So if someone asks about Facebook ads and you don't answer well, then you can be certain they're probably going to object about Facebook ads. Like if someone asks about, I don't know, what could it be? If someone asks about how often you're going to give them, like, reports and, you know, you don't answer that well, then you can bet your ass they're going to probably object about not getting enough reports. It's this- just this- it's how this thing works. So usually people are asking questions because they want to be more confident and most obje- well, pretty much every single objection stems from a lack of confidence. So that's that. So let's say for example, someone has asked the question, "Do you use Facebook ads?" And we- we basically understand now that the reason people ask this question is because they want to be certain that it's going to work for them So I would say this. I'd say, "John, that's a really good question. Now, we've tested dozens of different advertising methods, but we found that Facebook ads come out on top in terms of profitability for ev- for the client every single time. So we've developed a deep expertise in Facebook ads, and that's what we use to deliver the crazy results we do. Now, I'm aware that a lot of businesses have had bad experiences with Facebook ads, but we've actually figured out how to kick ass with them and actually make it work for real. So that's what we do and that's how it works." So you can see that we've basically clarified we use Facebook, but we haven't just said, "Yeah, we use Facebook ads." What we've done is we've told them that Facebook ads are the best because... And when we haven't just said, "Oh, yeah, Facebook ads, yeah, because they're the best." We've actually given a reason. So we said, "Yeah, John, we use Facebook ads, and the reason we use Facebook ads is because of this." And then, you know, if- if you've had a bad experience, don't worry. So coming up with good answers to- to questions like this takes some time, but it's entirely possible to do. So then you can basically move on to developing your vault. So what we have here is a spreadsheet. So make a copy of this spreadsheet to log all your questions and answers until you have solid answers for all questions your prospects might have. This is very useful for training salespeople. This is very, very helpful. So what you can do here is click on this link, and this will open up, um, what I call the sales Q&A vault It's a very simple spreadsheet. Um, what you want to do as you're listening back to your sales calls using your script feedback form and everything, is you want to make a note of every single question that your prospects have asked you. And then what you want to do is work your way through and listen to the answers that have been right and the answers that have been wrong. Remove answers that are wrong, add answers that are right, and just continuously improve on your answers. Like, your chance of closing someone is exponentially higher when you answer their questions in the right sort of way. So what you really want to do, I mean, you'll probably find that you're only going to have like 20 different questions. You know, there- there's a finite amount here. There's n- there's only so many things people can ask you. Um, and you just want to sort of establish a really solid answer for each one that is proven in the respect that you've used it to close people. And when I say you've used it to close people, I just mean that, you know, you've had calls that have closed when you've used that answer. So this thing will take a long time to build out, but I'd strongly a- advise you bookmark it. And then you can also give your- your answers a score. So, you know, if you think that it's- it's like 50% there, then you can put a five out of ten. If you think it's terrible, you can put a three out of ten. If you think it's really good, you can put nine out of ten. Um, and guess what? We're going to be testing these answers. Okay? So if you- if you know that one of the questions is, "Do you use Facebook ads," right? Then what you want to do is come up with an answer that just absolutely kicks ass, give it a rating, right? And then when someone asks you if you use Facebook ads, use that answer, and then if it works, then you know that your rating is right. If it doesn't, then you bring your rating back down. You know, and you do this a lo- enough and then eventually you'll have every single answer to every single question Um, and when you- when you go to hire a sales rep, like you've got to think long term about this. When you go to employ someone to do your- your closing for you, what you can do is just say to them, "Right, here's every single question that you're ever going to come across in a sales situation when selling this product, and here's every single answer to those questions that we've proven to work." And then the sales rep is just like, "Damn, okay, let's get to work." (laughs) So you can see how this works. And I wanted to give you this sort of framework because I can give you the script and I can give you the- the pitch and everything, but the answers is where you're going to really have to come up with your own answers. Um, and you know, you can always post these in the Facebook group or ask on the Q&A calls and stuff. But the main thing to remember is just to use these key points. And one final point in closing for answers is just to make sure you tie a benefit in and it- it link it back to the outcome every single time. So when you finish your answer, you always, always, always link it back to the outcome. Whether it's like, you know, and- and that's why it works really well for our clients or and that's one of the main reasons why we're actually able to get the results we do or, you know, using that allows us to actually produce the results we do. You know, you've always got to link this- the answer back because remember that, um, every answer you give is an opportunity to sow more confidence in the prospect's mind and get them closed And the best way to give confidence to the prospect is just to constantly reinforce that what you're selling is going to get them the outcome they want. So when you answer a question, you answer it concisely, you answer it with a lot of confidence, you don't get lost in the weeds, you start by saying, "That's an awesome question," whatever, and then towards the end or whatever, midway through, you link it back and you explain, "That's how we do so well." I've done it here, for example, you know. We've developed a deep expertise in Facebook ads, and that's what we use to cr- deliver the crazy results that we do, right? You know, or like, for example, we've figured out how to kick ass with them and make it actually work. So yeah, that's the thing about answering. It's just always link it back. Like loop it back to the outcome every time. So if- if- if one of the questions you got was like, "Do you use ClickFunnels?" You'd say, "John, that's an amazing question. Um, we absolutely do. Uh, ClickFunnels is- is the sort of bread and butter of what we do. And honestly, like, helping you get to 50K a month is going to be 10 times easier for us because we use ClickFunnels. Uh, that thing is an absolute beast and yes, we do use it all the time.

And it's very powerful. And you can see how I've just, I've basically just taken his question and the point that he's got about ClickFunnels and I've tied it in with his outcome. And then, I've, in- in doing that, I've tied our service to his outcome. And in doing that, I've, I've added more confidence so that when he eventually asks about the price, he's got so much confidence that he's going to buy (laughs). Like, it's kind of like, you can, you can do the same thing with price. You know, if someone's like, "What's the price?" You can say, "Yeah, that's the best bit, I'm really excited to share this with you because we don't actually charge much. We should probably charge way more." And you can sort of pre-frame it like that. So, all sorts of stuff you can do. This is basically scratching the surface of objection handling, like if you think this is cool, then just wait for the (laughs) objection conquering stuff. Um, but just make a habit of getting your questions in here, getting your answers written, and just testing them over and over again, getting the feedback, and that's how it works. And this is the last slide of the video. I want you to remember that this is a never-ending process. So, the answers and the pitch and the expertise statement that you have in version 1.0 of your script will not be the same as version 2.0. And the way that you progress from 1.0 to 2.0 is after you've done 30 calls. So, you do 30 calls between these points and then version one becomes version two, because you make adjustments and you make amendments based on the feedback that you've had from the market. And eventually, like, you'll get to the point where you've got a really good script and then maybe you want to wait 100 calls between changing it. You don't need to change this thing every month. Like, you don't have to wait 30 calls to do it, but for this initial stage period up to, like, up to, like, version five, then really, you can just sort of, like, work your way through. And, you know, we're up to version 21.0, for example, which is why I've got that here. Um, and, you know, this thing will be version 78 (laughs), you know, in- in- in- in a year or a couple of years. Um, yeah, probably a bit longer than that. You know, we've got a very good script at the moment, but we're always looking to improve it. We're always testing new things. So, that's everything for script modification. Um, I know I've, I might have covered a little bit too much here, but, you know, I was debating whether or not to keep this thing quite brief. But I really wanted to cover all grounds and leave no stone unturned, so I hope it's been very helpful for you. Um, and that's basically everything for the script. Like, if you do all the action items in this video and if you really take everything on board that I've explained here, um, and you also apply what you've learned in Sales Bedrock, then you're pretty much set for sales. The only thing you need now is just a really good framework and understanding of objections, and also how to manage your emotions. Like, sales is really just about having the right sort of stuff to say and then making sure that you say it, and then managing your emotions so that you can actually keep doing the same thing that works. Um, it's really simple and we're gonna cover it all So, thanks so much for watching this video. Um, you know, it's taken a long time to put together and produce. This training is, is no easy thing to put together. Um, I'm here on a Saturday evening delivering it for you guys, but I couldn't be any happier doing it. So I'm really excited, um, as you continue working through this module and I will see you in the next video right now. Thanks for your time. Talk soon