# 4.5. Conquering Objections (Part 1)

(instrumental music plays) Hey, everyone. Charlie Morgan here, and welcome to this training video. Uh, this one is Conquering Objections Part 1, and this is the foundations video for objection handling, uh, in the Imperium Agency Incubator Seven Figure Sales Strategies. Um, I'm really excited to record this one, because I've been through the ringer with this thing. I mean, I've handled thousands of objections, um, on the calls that I've done. And having done that, I've really been able to sort of s- like, separate the, the, the woods from the trees and see what objections are really objections and what objections are just, like, vehicles of doubt. I mean, there's a lot of stuff that goes into this. Um, and I've got the title here, Conquering Objections, because we, we don't just want to handle objections. We want to completely conquer them. We want to just demolish them, and we want to just remove them. Because if you, if you, like, if you don't dig these things out at the root, then they will grow in the prospect's mind, and they will manifest into doubt and indecisiveness. You know, you've, you've got to think of objections like ... You've got to imagine that your, your prospect's mind is like a garden. And as you're going through the call and as you're pitching and asking questions, you want to plant seeds of confidence and pain. And you want, as you go through these calls, you want those seeds to grow into, you know, into, to, to, to trees, right? That, of, you know, signify confidence and pain. You want those, those seeds to grow in your prospect's mind, because the reason people buy is because they're in a painful situation and they have confidence that you can help them. But objections are like weeds, and these weeds will, will grow and grow and grow, and they'll multiply and manifest. And they start off with, like, this, this small inkling of doubt, and as, as the call goes on and on and on, they, there's, they, you sort of, they rear their ugly head towards the end. And if you don't deep- if you don't do a deep dive on that objection, and if you don't actually just really dig it out at the root, and if you just sort of chop off the top of the leaves and think it's done, then you, you're just gonna not win. Okay? And that objection will just continue to grow, and it'll keep growing back, and it'll keep growing back, um, until the prospect's mind is just full of doubt and full of weeds, and they can't make a decision because they have no clarity and their confidence has been significantly hindered. So, you know, we're gonna be... The way that we conduct our calls is such that we, we go through a process that builds pain and confidence. Um, but it's inevitable... I mean, it's not always gonna happen. If you do it really well, I mean, I've had calls, loads of calls, in fact, where there's no objections at all, because you do the, the process really well. But it's inevitable most of the time that you get to the end of the call and the prospect has some doubt. Now, the first thing to understand about objections is that objections are really just a vehicle of doubt. They're not really anything other than that. The prospect doesn't need to speak to their wife. The prospect doesn't want more time to think about it. They are just uncertain that you have the right sort of fit for them. And you know that you have the right fit for them, because you've just spent half an hour diagnosing their problem and telling them you can solve it. So now you need to really figure out the objection, figure out why they've asked it, and absolutely conquer it. Pull it out at the root and get rid of it. Um, so in order to do that, there's two things you need. First of all, you obviously need the rebuttal. Like, you need to know what to say and how to say it. But there's not really much point in knowing what to say if you don't understand why the objection has come about or how it's come about or how to approach it. So this video and the purpose of this video is to give you a layer of foundations and some, some frameworks that you can leverage and use when you're handling objections. Because it, it really doesn't... Like, anyone can, can ask questions, anyone can pitch, but not everyone has the ability to handle objections. But you can have the ability to handle objections. It's just a relatively painful thing to learn and push through with. So this video is gonna talk about foundations. The next one will talk about the actual rebuttals that we use. Um, but I'm really excited, because I'm gonna turn you into a complete, like, just... Objections are gonna be like, it's gonna be like candy for my baby. You know, you're gonna eat objections for breakfast. It's gonna, it's gonna be absolutely easy for you to overcome these things, and this video is gonna play a very key integral role. So let's get started, and let's dive in. So like I said, we don't just want to handle objections. You know, we want to totally conquer them. You know, we want to just completely destroy the enemy, because if we don't, he's gonna survive and come and wreak havoc on us, you know, in a few years' time. Now, in a sales call, I don't mean a few years. I mean a few minutes. Um, and if you don't pull these things out at the root and, and really just, you know, completely abolish them, then, you know, if you don't... Y- you know, for every objection, like, if it, if the, if an objection is like a seed of doubt, then you want to get into the prospect's mind, dig that seed of doubt out at the root, and then plant your own seed of confidence. So really, every objection is just an opportunity for us to remove doubt and, and put confidence in the prospect. Um, but to be honest, most people don't even try to handle objections. Like, most people just, most agency owners, they get on a call. The prospect's like, "I wanna think about it," and then they just sort of roll over. And they're like, "Yeah, of course you want to think about it. I totally understand. No, I, I get that." And then you sort of believe the lie that the prospect has told you. You know, that they're not necessarily, they don't want time to think about it. They just aren't certain that you can help them. And as soon as you come away from a call, and if you catch yourself doing this, then you know you've got it bad, because if you come away from a call and you're like, "Oh, yeah. Well, I, I spoke to him. He just, you know, he needs to speak to his wife first. I get that. Like, that's fine." Or if you come away from a call and you think, "Oh, yeah, he just, you know, he's, he just wasn't quite sure. He just wanted some time to think about it," then you, you just haven't really done it properly, you know. You probably haven't even tried to handle the objection. So let's dive in and get started. So here's what we're gonna cover.So quite a lot to get through today. Um, but first of all, we're gonna talk about where the sale truly begins. Then we're gonna talk about the objection epiphany, Erasmian philosophy, befriending objections, breaking frames, radical empathy, confidence looping, belief-based objections, smoke screen objections, action thresholds, and preventing the retreat. So as you can observe, (laughs) we've got quite a bit to get through today, um, and all of these topics are really, really important. So let's jump in and get started. So first of all, let's discuss where the trail, uh, sorry, where the sale truly begins. So by now, you should have a whole system for your sales process. I mean, this program has given you all the systems that you need to get to this point. Because now you should actually be at the point where you're landing meetings with, with, with prospects, those prospects are getting on the phone, you're asking those prospects a list of questions to diagnose their problems. If you can help them, you're pitching them, then you're answering their questions, and then there's this gray area, because you, you, you'd assume that after answering all their questions that they just want to buy from you. But to, before we can get to the, the purchase, we need to sort of get through the sea of objections first. And the sea of objections is, is very choppy and wavy, and if you don't have a reliable, sturdy boat to traverse that, then things are gonna be difficult. And this video is exactly that. So you have a system for landing meetings. You might have multiple at this point. Likewise, for getting them, those people to actually show up, and then likewise for conducting the call, for, for asking a line of questioning. Um, you understand how to do that now and, and you should be doing that. And then you also understand how to pitch, and you understand how to answer prospects' questions and you know how that works. But to tell you the truth, this really is the easy part. So all this is actually quite easy. Uh, there's one more step in your sales process and it's the hardest one to get right, and that's overcoming objections. Now, I don't mean to sort of scare you here, and I'm definitely not saying that handling objections is hard, it's just, it's the least intuitive. Depends on your, on your personality and where you're at. Everyone can learn to overcome objections. Like, there are no excuses. But up until this point, we've, we've got everything that we need to succeed, and the only thing that we need now, the only thing that you have to round off and polish to get just an infinite amount of clients is just the objection handling phase. And I'm stressing this because I don't want to see everyone get to the point where they've got... 'cause objections are good, because if you're having objections, it shows that you've got a good business that gets people on the phone and gets them interested in your service. But like I said, most agency owners, they just roll over at the first sign of trouble and they think that they shouldn't handle objections or they, they think that they should sort of just, you know, let the prospect think about it Um, and there's a lot of psychology that goes into that. And this is where the money is truly made. You know, if, if you followed all our instructions in the program up until this point, then objections are really the only thing standing in the way of you routinely landing clients. And most people, most agency owners disregard objections, right? Most of them just think, "Oh yeah, I'll just have a rebuttal and it'll be fine." But it's just as important to know how to handle objections as it is to know how to land meetings in the first place. If you don't know how objections work and if you don't know how to overcome them and if you don't have a reliable system and a, a set of heuristics to actually deal with them, then there's no point in landing meetings. There's no point in getting people on the phone. There's no point in pitching them, because objections are inevitable and if you don't know how they work, then all of the work you've done up until this point is for nothing. So you really are, you're at the last, like, 100 meters in the finish line and you've really just gotta push through. Like, a sales call is like a race, like a long distance race, and the objection handling phase is usually the shortest, but it's the trickiest to do. It's the hardest to do because it's where you're in the most pain. Um, so if you can just not give up and just, just, just keep plowing through and running as fast as you can, then you'll be fine And I'm not saying that you should handle objections, you know, by being, by speaking quickly. I don't mean that at all. But I just mean that it's th- it's a painful thing to do, but if you want to finish the race and if you want to get the close, then you have to do it. And the sale truly does not start until the first objection is raised. So true salespeople, like the best salespeople and the best agency owners in this space are those, you know, you're, you're forged in the art of objection handling. Like, that's, that's truly where great salespeople are born and it's what separates the clients that get good results and decent results from clients that get incredible results. Like, the main difference between someone who has a conversion rate of 15% and someone who has a conversion rate of 30% is that the person at 30% is just twice as good as handling objections at the, as the person at 15%. Now, are there gonna be some other differences? Of course. But the objection handling is, is really where the sale truly starts. Like, this is where we have to sort of dig our heels in and, and get a bit ruthless, because most, a lot of people lack that sort of backbone to do so, um, or at least the confidence in, in the right sort of frameworks Um, and we're gonna cover that here. And the irony is that objection handling, the objection handling phase, is it's one of the shortest phases in the sales call. You know, what, what you might find is there's literally just one or two objections that the prospect has that you have to overcome. Um, and, like, th- the thing, and this is all you have to overcome. It's like, they're like, "Oh yeah, I j- just, I had it the other day where I had someone on a call and she's awesome. She was like, "I just have one objection." Um, and then she just raised it and then I was like, "Oh yeah, that's totally fine, understand, but that's not a problem. Here's why." And then that was it. It was, like, literally a, a one-minute discussion and then she bought. And if I, if I hadn't had the framework to get through that, people think that prospects are gonna have, like, hundreds of objections when in reality it's usually just, like... one to five of them, and you can just sort of work through it and just help the prospect realize that it's not a problem. And then before you know it, you've, you've got a sale on your hands. Um, and a lot of people don't know how to get there, but it's- it doesn't take long. Like, this is not a, you know, it's not really like- it's not, it's not gonna take you hours and hours to overcome objections. (laughs) Like, it's not, it's not too bad. But the other thing with objections is you just don't want to give up. Like, you just don't want to take no for an answer. You just gotta keep on that- k- stay on that phone until the prospect either buys from you or hangs up, and you just gotta stay ruthless and on their heels. So, here is a line, and this line basically represents the different stages of the sales call. And, you know, the, the, the length of the line is really congruent to how long the stage of the sales call takes. So, the black line, uh, represents our line of questioning, which really is the bulk of the call. Like, the diagnosis, the diagnosis is really like, I don't know, it's probably like 50% to 75% of the call. You know, my line of questioning typically goes on for about 30 minutes. If it- if your line of questioning goes on for, like, 10 minutes, then either you're not asking the right questions or the prospect isn't the right sort of fit for you. Um, you know, you want to be taking a deep dive here. It should be taking you a long amount of time, because the data that you gather in this line of questioning is the data and the leverage that you'll be using when it comes to the objection phase. Because, for example, an objection we get a lot in Imperium is people saying they want a done-for-you approach. Now, they might say that quite early on, but I'm not gonna handle it there and then because I'm just asking them questions and th- they, they just say okay. But they might raise the fact that they haven't got any time to do outreach and that they haven't got any time to do a program. And I understand that, so I, I just carry on with my questions. Um, and I ask them questions, you know, and eventually, we establish that they need to learn how to do outreach. Like, they need to, they need to have a system for outreach before they can actually do it. And then it gets to the objection handling phase, and they're like, "Oh, well listen, I, I thought this was done for you. I don't really want a program. I haven't got the time." And then I just say, "Awesome, John. Well, I totally understand. So, if you haven't got the time to do the program, then how did you plan on finding the time to conduct the sales calls that we would have generated for you from a done-for-you basis?" And then the answer is usually, "Oh, well, no, I mean, I, I just, I've obviously got the time to do sales. I just haven't got the time to do outreach." And I say, "Well, what's the difference?" And they say, "Well, actually, I just don't really want to do outreach." And then I say, "Well, John, earlier on in this call, you shared with me that outreach is the most important thing to growing your business, and building a system around this is the one thing that's standing in the way of you growing. So, are you saying that you haven't got the time to do the one thing that's most important to your growth?" It's a very difficult question to ask, but generally speaking, like, they just sort of come round to the idea of thinking that they need to do it. But I wouldn't be able to, to handle that objection had I not completed my line of questioning, because I can only give him, I can only say that. I'm, like, mirroring back what he's already told me. And the same thing applies in done-for-you sales, and the same thing applies in, in loads of different stuff. Now, y- you don't have to, you know, there's all sorts of ways around this. Just because I'm selling a program doesn't mean that you can't use the same thing for done for you. It's like, "Well, you've told me that you haven't got the time to do a program, so how, you know, how is that gonna work for you?" But anyways, it doesn't matter. But my point here is that your line of questioning should be lengthy. And really, your, your objection with the line of questioning is A, first of all, to diagnose above all. But then it's B, to sort of gain an advantage for when you get to the objection handling phase, 'cause then you can sort of use what people have said against them. Not in a, in a mean, Machiavellian way, but just in a way that makes them see the truth, because most people, they have doubts about things that are unnecessary. And often it's the case that their doubt, it doesn't really align with their goals, and we can just say, "Hey, well, I understand that you're having some doubts here, but as per this call, I've, I've realized that this is the main thing you need to do. So, you know, you can either be a little bit doubtful it's not gonna work, or you can be 100% confident that if you keep doing what you're doing, you're gonna get the same result. Does that make sense?" You know? You can't, you don't have permission to do that (laughs) unless you've asked them questions. So anyways, um, 20 to 40 minutes, line of questioning. After that, we have the pitch and the Q&A, uh, which is really gonna take 5 to 15 minutes, right? So, you know, it's not, it's not really long. But then after the pitch and the Q&A, um, we get the price question, and then, you know, we leverage the price question to, to, to get the close with incentive-based pricing Um, and then that's when the objections begin. And in my experience, the objection handling phase doesn't really last more than 10 minutes. Like, it, yes, yes, there's been anomalies where I've been handling objections for, like, an hour. But usually, it's just, like, two- one or two or three objections, like, main objections that I've just gotta destroy, and then the prospect has no reason to, to not buy, you know? (laughs) And it's like they're just, the buying is the only option for them, because, you know, when you can handle objections so well, to the point that the prospect has no reason to not buy, then they'll just buy. Like, we're not, we're not necessarily, it's inverted. Like, we're not trying to give them reasons to purchase. We're just trying to give them reasons not to not purchase, if that makes sense. You know, it's, it's, you just, you just want, you don't want to necessarily aim for a yes. You just want to aim for reasons for them to not say no, if that makes sense. And then after the objections, we move on to the payment and the next steps, which is where we take their credit card details, um, and we just sort of tell them what's gonna happen next, whether you're gonna send them an onboarding email or how it works. And really, even the payment takes longer than the objection handling phase. So, you can see here how objections are like the, the key to making the sale. But at the same time, it's, it doesn't take much time to actually handle them. So, it's not about having a lengthy, drawn-out response to every objection. It's really just about understanding why it's been asked and then making the prospect realize that they're, they're wrong, in, in simple terms. But we're, we're trying to do that in such a way that doesn't, like, raise their ego, um, and it's really important And observe, all you have to do to get to the payment is get through the objection stage. It's of- it's often far shorter and much less scary than you think. And as with everything in business, the reason you'll struggle to handle objections is because of the beliefs that you have that surround them. Now, this is really important to understand, because if, if something in business isn't going your way, it's probably just because you don't believe that it should be, right? Most people's objection-related beliefs create fear and stop them from trying to overcome objections. So, if someone says to you, "I wanna think about it," and if, if, if you have an internal belief in your personal psychology that says, "Yeah, I should let people make their own decisions in their own time," then you're not gonna do anything to overcome that objection. You're just gonna sort of let it roll over. You're gonna roll over, and you're gonna let the prospect walk all over you, and you're gonna, you're gonna sort of wallow in this self-pity after the call. You know, it's like, "Oh, why didn't he buy now?" You know, "Why does he have to think about it?" Well, he has to think about it because you didn't have the confidence to tell him that he shouldn't. And the reason that you didn't have the confidence is because you believed that it was the right thing to do. So, there's, you've gotta sort of just take a second here, like, to pause the video, grab a pen and paper, and just write down every single limiting belief you have to deal with the objection handling phase. And we're gonna talk about the psychology here, okay? So, I call this the objection epiphany. Now, for those of you that have been through the outreach module, um, we have a, uh, video there called the Outreach Epiphany, um, which is really about how I sort of came to the conclusions that my beliefs were the main thing standing in the way of me making money And the same thing applies here. You know, I, I had this, this epiphany a while ago, um, where I realized that, that really the, the main thing that was stopping me from making sales was handling objections, and I was just..

... trying for so long to come up with these fancy rebuttals, and I was, I was just searching far and wide for this, this one strategy that worked for objection handling. When in reality, it was n- it wasn't, it had nothing to do with the strategies that I was using. It was all about the beliefs that I had that underpinned objections. Because I was looking for these awesome strategies, but I still believed that people should think about it, and I still believe that people shouldn't make decisions on the call. And, you know, it was all wrong. I was all just, uh, like in a complete neurotic mess. So, basically, uh, the objection handling phase is most commonly the shortest phase of the call. And when most people counter an objection, or encounter an objection, sorry, they freak out or get all agreeable on the prospect. Now, agreeable means, it's a personality trait that refers to your tendency to, uh, to sort of agree with people. Now, when we're handling objections, we want to agree with the prospect, we want to understand them, but when I say agreeable, I mean you're, you're sort of not being assertive. You're not, you're just sort of letting people walk all over you. And because you're afraid of, uh, being agreeable, um, or sorry, because you're agreeable in general, you're afraid of causing conflict or afraid of harming the chance of a close. And simply put, most agency owners would rather give the prospect time to think about it or time to talk to their spouse because they're afraid, right? Fear, of either pain, or conflict, or losing the sale or whatever, is the one thing that will stand in the way of you getting over these objections. And it's, it's this fear that's gonna drive your behavior to prevent you from even trying to overcome the objection. So, I've seen this as well, where agency owners, they, they, they hear an objection on the phone and then they just, they don't even, they don't even try. They're just like, "Oh, yeah. Okay. I'll... Yeah, yeah, have a think about it. Yeah, I'll, I'll, I'll call you back in a week." Or, "Yeah, okay. Awesome. Well, um, I'll, I'll send you an email and you can get back to me." Like, they don't even, they don't even try. And then if they do try, they, they have, like, a, a sort of half-hearted approach, because they're not fully committed to overcoming the objection, because part of them believes that they shouldn't be trying. So, they have this half-hearted approach and then the prospect sort of digs in their heels, and then they're just like, "Oh, yeah. Okay. Well, yeah, that's fine." Uh, this is, a good example of this is, like, if a prospect says they want to think about it, and then you're like, "Oh, why do you wanna think about it?" And then they're like, "Oh, well I just don't make decisions on the spot." And then most people haven't considered the, the chess move that the prospect might make, like the next move they'll, they'll bring out, or the next thing they'll say in response to the, the, the why question. Um, and then, uh, th- the agency owner's just like, "Oh, yeah. Yeah, I totally understand that. That's fine." Like, if you ask someone, "Why?" when you're handling an objection, all it does is get them to reinforce the reason behind why they've objected in the first place. So, generally speaking, there's some, okay, there's some exceptions, but if someone says, "I want to talk to my spouse," then you just say, if you say, "Why?" Then, and they give you an answer, then they've just doubled down on why they shouldn't buy now. (laughs) So, you don't really want to ask people why. Y- you... There's, there's s- specific ways of getting to the bottom of these things, but, uh, you know, you, you don't wanna get the prospect digging in their heels. So, let's dive in. On paper, handling objections is easy. You know, you have the rebuttals and you have the frameworks. But, in reality, when most agency owners go to handle objections, they find it extremely hard. And you might be wondering, "Well, why is this the case?" Well, it's purely down to fear. Okay, there's, there's, there's a fear here that, that really drives most agency owners' sales into the ground. It's, there's, there's, there's three overarching fears you can sort of, you know, if you've taken the time there to write down all the beliefs you have about sales, you'll probably notice, if they're negative ones, they all feed into one of three fears. So, get this through your mind. If, if you're not regularly overcoming objections, it's simply because you are afraid. You know, having, having the rebuttals and stuff, yeah, you need to know what to say, like, but that's 20% of the equation. Like, 80% of, of overcoming objections is just not being afraid of doing so. Okay? So, you might be wondering, "Well, fear of what?" Like, "I'm, why would I be afraid of objections?" Well, that's a good (laughs) question, and there are three specific fears, um, that I've been able to, to notice. Now, these, these are fears that I've personally experienced. So, you might find that there are more that are specific to your situation. And if you really want to master business, then you have to master your personal psychology first. So, just sitting down in a dark room for an hour and, and clearly just letting all of your fears about everything bubble up is a painful thing to do. But once you become aware of these fears, and once you become aware of these beliefs that you've got that limit your ability to handle objections and everything, then y- you just sort of notice they're there, and you're like, "Well, what the hell was I afraid of?" And really, like, all of, all of overcoming fear is just facing it. Like, once you actually face it, you realize that you have nothing to be afraid of. Um, and, you know, w- what, what are we actually scared of here? Like, what's, what are the main fears that drive people into the ground when it comes to objection handling? So, you probably can't define your fears yourself. Right? It took me a very long time to do this. You probably can't define the fear yourself, as the brain has a pretty clever way of concealing our fears, right? So, we're not empowered to face them. Like, if you're... Understand this, if y- and I said, I know I said this a second ago, but it's the same thing, and it's just so important to know. If you are not regularly and consistently making sales, then there's a problem. And the problem might be in your outreach. It might be in your line of questioning. It might be in your pitch. Or it might be in your objection handling phase. So, what you've got to do is define which stage is causing this bottleneck. And let's say it's objections in this case, 'cause that's what we're talking about. So, then you look at your objection handling, and you look at this, this, the strategies that you've got to overcome the objections. And you think, "Yeah, those strategies are fine, but why am I not overcoming objections then?" And then all you have to do is just realize that it's your beliefs surrounding objections that are standing in your way. But you can't see those beliefs, and you can't see those fears consciously because your brain has buried them...... so that you can't face them because it's painful to, to face stuff. Like, it's painful to, to face our beliefs. So you're, you're gonna go about your life constantly looking for new strategies to overcome objections when the very foundation that you're using to, to overcome objections is rotting away, which is just your belief system around them. The same thing applies to outreach. The same thing applies to a line of questioning. If you think with your line of questioning that you shouldn't ask a specific question because it's too intrusive, then that's your belief doing you wrong. Same thing with objections. So you, you probably have these fears, like if you're not selling properly and you're not handling objections, it's probably because you're afraid, but it's difficult to define what you're actually afraid of because the brain doesn't really want you to see that. Like, it just wants you to not do it and it won't tell you why, so you never truly understand it, and then before you know it, you end up quitting your agency because you were scared of something that you didn't even know existed, (laughs) if that makes sense. So there are three objection-related fears that plague the existence of all salespeople, and here they are. So number one is a fear of conflict, right? Most people are scared of conflict, and most people don't want to upset other people or, in turn, upset themselves. Second one, fear of what the prospect will think about you. So this is just simply a fear of being judged by the prospect. And the third one is a fear of losing the sale or inadvertently a fear of rejection. So these are the three main fears. Now, when I got started, I, I, I t- I was terrified of all these things. You know, I was... I wouldn't handle objections because I was scared that it might upset the prospect or it might piss them off and might cause an argument. I wouldn't handle objections because I was afraid the prospect would just judge me for doing that and they'd sort of think I'm this slimy salesperson. And then I wouldn't handle objections because I was afraid that if I was too aggressive or if I was too persistent, then the prospect would just not buy from me. And all those fears, like, i- it wasn't until, it wasn't until I sat down and just realized that I was scared of these things, I was like, "Dude, what the hell? What are you afraid of?" Like, "Why are you scared of conflict? Why do you, why are you scared of being judged? Why are you scared of losing the sale?" And what I've done in the next few slides here is broken down these individual fears, and I've then progressed to sort of remedy them. So for those of you watching, you might have no fears around objections. You might be absolutely smashing objections out of the park. But if you're not, and if you're not sure around how this works, then still pay attention, and I'd strongly encourage you to pay attention here. So most agency owners don't even try when it comes to objections. Most agency owners are agreeable and lack the killer instinct required to get the sale over the line and closed. And the reason behind this is because they're afraid. So let's break down these fears and let's actually just look at th- let's just stare them in the eyes (laughs) and let's just sort of bring them to light and realize that they're nothing to be afraid of. And if you recognize one of these fears in yourself, then you must force yourself to overcome it or you'll never overcome objections. So understand, you cannot conquer objections until you conquer the fears that surround them. Same thing with outreach. You cannot conquer outreach until you conquer the fears that surround it. Same thing with pitching. You cannot conquer the pitch until you conquer the fears around pitching. It's so important. Like, if you are, if you have a latent... if you're latently terrified of, of the thing that you're trying to overcome, then no strategy under the sun will help you overcome it. So, three fears that prevent objection conquering. If you are afraid of handling an objection, no technique or rebuttal we provide will save you. Most salespeople are ruled by fear of what might happen if they try to handle the objection, so they either don't try or try half-heartedly, then roll over because their brain has convinced them it's the right thing to do. So if you, if you believe that the prospect should think about it, you, you're not... it's not you believing that that's true, it's just a manifestation of the fear around what would happen if you handled the objection. Like, things aren't what we think they are, you know? The brain has a very, very clever way of getting us to avoid things that are painful and things that scare us. So what will happen is you'll, you'll just roll over and you won't handle objection, and you'll justify it and you'll convince yourself that it was the right thing to do. But really, that justification is just fear in disguise, and you won't... and you can't see the fear because your brain doesn't want you to see the fear because it knows that if you see the fear, you'll try and face it, and facing it's painful and it's scary. So it's interesting. And while, you know, i- i- it isn't the right thing to do, like rolling over is not the right thing to do, the right thing to do when an objection is raised is not to roll over in a fit of agreeableness, it's to fucking demolish it. Simply put, if you aren't making an effort to handle objections and get your deals closed, it's your off- it's because you're afraid, and of one or all of the following. So, let's talk about these fears, and let's just, let's just stare them in the eyes, you know? Some of you watching this right now, your heart might be beating a bit faster than it was before you started this video, and I promise you it's not because of the coffee you drunk. (laughs) It's because we... as humans, we don't like to face fears. And you might be watching this video right now, and even though I'm showing you these fears, you might still not recognize them in yourself. You might s- your, your brain might have, have played so many tricks on you that you think, "I'm not afraid of conflict," like, "I'm not, I, I don't, I'm not scared of conflict. I'm, I don't care what people think about me. I don't, I don't, I'm not afraid of losing the sale. I don't, I don't care about rejection." Like, you might think these things, but if you're not overcoming objections, then I can pretty much guarantee that it's because one of these fears is ruling your existence. And if you can't see that, then it's... you need to see. You need to make a huge effort to really just, like, break this down. So number one, fear of conflict. So, most humans are scared of conflict. They live their lives in an agreeable state whereby they don't challenge anyone, they don't speak their mind, or they don't tell others what they really want. So when they try sales, it's common they fear conflict because they want their prospect to like them and they don't want to break rapport.You know, I see this all the time, where people are like, "Oh, yeah, but if I'm too... If I try too hard or if I'm too persistent, then I'm just gonna break the rapport and the prospect will... You know, they'll just, they'll just wanna leave because I'm, I'm, you know, I'm being rude." But it's not true. Like, they're afraid, like you're afraid if you're, if you're in this space, you're afraid of what might happen if you challenge the prospect and you don't want any trouble on the call. Now, fear of conflict just derives from a deep-rooted fear of upsetting others. And usually, this is just because the person with the fear is easily upset. So, like, if you, if you, if you're afraid of conflict, it's because you are afraid of being upset, or you're afraid of, of, of just someone being mean, really. Like, you're just soft, basically. And I'm not saying that to judge you or be rude. But if you, if you are afraid of conflict, it's because you're afraid of upsetting people, and the reason you're afraid of upsetting people is because you yourself are afraid of being upset. So that's, that's how this thing works. It's like you can just hold a mirror up to these things. And simply put, you don't want to upset others because you yourself hate being upset or challenged, so you don't challenge anyone because you don't want them to be upset because you don't wanna be upset. So, this, this, this whole conflict thing, it's not... You're not actually afraid of conflict, you're just afraid of the consequence of conflict, which is just feeling some negative emotion for a very short period of time and then completely forgetting about it for the rest of your life. Like, yeah, you've probably got a couple of arguments that you remembered over the course of your existence, but really, like, 95% of, well, probably 99% of the, the conflict that you've ever experienced, you've forgotten about. And if you haven't, then you need to get rid of it, because this fear is gonna, is gonna seriously wreak havoc on your ability to close call. And examples, you know, I wrote these down a while ago, like I, I wrote down things that I, things that I believed. And this is what I thought. I was like, "Uh, I don't wanna upset him," right? Like, the, the prospect being him. Like, "I don't wanna upset him, I don't wanna offend him. Like, he's entitled to that opinion and it would be rude for me to challenge it." Like, this is what I thought about handling objections. Like, I didn't wanna handle them because I was afraid of upsetting him or causing offense or, you know, f- feeling like I was intruding. Like, I thought, "I don't wanna cause an argument. If I say that, it'll piss him off. I don't wanna pressure anyone. Who am I to tell a successful business owner they are wrong?" Like, these are things that I genuinely believed. And standing alone, like these, these, these phrases are really just me basically saying, "I'm afraid of conflict." Like, it wasn't the case that I didn't want to upset him or offend him. It was just the case that I was afraid of conflict. So once again, like, the brain has these... All of these lines here are just justification that we, that we're just totally blind to seeing what we're really escape- what we're really afraid of And understand, conflict is totally bonkers to fear if you are genuinely in a position to help your prospect. Because if you don't overcome their objection, they are going to be upset that they don't have what you can give them. So, the prospect, they are upset with their current situation. So, why would you let a fear of upsetting them stand in the way of closing them and making them the happiest person alive with your services? That's a pretty, pretty, like, strong statement, pretty strong argument. Like, if you're afraid of upsetting yourself, like, are you gonna be, you know, more upset? Like, what's the problem? Like, you know, likewise, maybe you don't want to cause conflict because you're afraid of being upset yourself. Well, what's going to cause more conflict in your life, challenging objections so you can help people achieve their dreams, or having no conflicts? Sorry, having no clients? And conflict is an inevitability in business. You know, you either face it on the call or you face it in your mind when you're broke, staring at the ceiling with no money to pay rent and contemplating a nine-to-five job at 3:00 AM. So, if you don't face this damn conflict and if you don't face this fear on the call when it comes to handling objections, then you're gonna have to face it in your own time, because you haven't got any money and ha- you haven't got any clients, and you'll have this internal conflict. So, you have to face it, but if you don't face it on the call, you're gonna face it in your own time, and it's not gonna feel very nice. And I promise you, the, the conflict you have from not having any clients in your mind is, is far more painful to deal with than the conflict of just telling someone that they could be wrong And besides, w- the way we teach objection handling is, is such that we avoid riling up the prospect's ego, so you're rarely actually gonna encounter shouting matches or aggressive prospects. Like, when you're, like, afraid of conflict, it's because you, you've painted a picture that if you, uh, try to handle someone's objection, then they're gonna start shouting at you, or they're gonna be really mean or really rude or disagreeable and stuff like that. But the reality is, that re- doesn't very hap- happen very often, because most other people are scared of conflict as well, so they don't really want a big shouting match, you know? They don't... Nobody's gonna start screaming and shouting at you and swearing at you and stuff. I- i- like, so don't be afraid of that, because i- if you think that's what's gonna happen, then it's not. So, fear number two is what the prospect will think of you. So, this is a really interesting one, because a lot of the time, you don't wanna try and handle an objection because you're afraid of what that person might think about you or your company, right? So, fear of what they'll think. Most people think they are what others think they are. Now, this simply is not true, but they don't realize this, so they avoid challenging objections because they don't want the prospect to judge them or think badly of them, you know? They believe that the key to making the sale happen is to get the prospect to like them and to befriend the prospect, and they'll do everything they can to keep this friendship and rapport Now, you've gotta understand that rapport is just a, a mechanism that we use to, to basically ask hard questions. Because, you know, we need people to like us, we need people to trust us, but we're not, you know... We, we don't, we d- we can't just hold onto rapport, you know? We need to sort of sacrifice a little bit of rapport, you know, throughout the objection-handling phase. Like, you must realize that we are on a sales call to get clients, not friends, okay? So important. While it's true that people buy from people who they like, like you want to be likable, you, you can't let the fear of someone not liking you get in the way of you ruthlessly closing a deal. So, a lot of agency owners, they come into a call wanting to make a friend, you know? They're like, "Oh, yeah, I just want clients who can be my friends," and it's like, "Well, I mean, you're probably gonna end up with a lot of friends but not many clients," is all I'll say. So, understand, if you are good at handling objections and actually try, the prospect will admire you and will think you are a respectable business owner with a flair for sales. You know, they will not think you're a slimy salesperson with an ulterior motive. So, if you're afraid of what the prospect's gonna think because you're handling an objection, it's probably because you're afraid the prospect is gonna think badly of you. Now, the prospect will think something of you, but it's probably gonna be something of respect, right? If you challenge an objection with the prospect's best interest at heart, they will realize this and they will come to like you more for it. You have to let go of the idea that people's opinions matter. You know, if the prospect thi- wants to think you're an asshole for challenging their objection and doesn't buy because of this, then you've gotta realize that you dodged a bullet, as they would've been a terrible client to deal with anyway Like, if, if someone thinks you're a dick because you've, you've, like, been persistent in terms of overcoming their objections, then that person wouldn't be a very good client, because that's the kind of person that never wants their opinion challenged and isn't open to actually having their mind changed, you know? They're just so set in their ways that they get angry at anyone that tries to, to change their mind

And I don't know about you, but I don't wanna be working with someone like that. And it's inevitable in sales that we're gonna piss some people off, you know? That's gonna happen. But I say, let them be pissed off. You know, it's on them, not us. Do not let your fear of not being liked stand in the way of closing a sale. So, a couple of examples. Once again, these- these statements that I had written down were beliefs that I had around objections, and they were really just a vehicle for this fear. So, I was like, "Oh, I don't want him to judge me." You know, "I'd better not say anything, it'll just make him dislike me. I don't wanna break my rapport, I want him to like me. If I'm nice, it'll improve my chance of making the sale." Th- that's honestly not true. Like, you want to be- you want to be respectful a- and really, the key to this is just- is just handling the objection and trying to overcome it with the prospect's best interests at heart. Like, if you- if you- if you- if you, like, attack these objections with a- with a genuine, like, intention to help the prospect, then that will come across and really that's all you have to do to solve it. But if you- if- yes, if you are a dick, and if you are rude, and if you are aggressive and you're not respectful, then the prospect will- will- well, they won't have any respect for you. But if you are respectful, then they'll have respect for you. So, really, it's just about the way that you handle it depends on how they- how they think about you. And even then, like, it doesn't matter what people think about you. Like, it really just- it doesn't even- like, they need to like you, of course. They- if they think you're an asshole, they won't buy from you. But at the same time, like, if- if you try to handle someone's objection and then they think you're an asshole, then it's just- you just don't wanna be working with them. So, fear number three is fear of losing the sale. Now, most people are terrified of losing the sale because they are in a scarcity mindset. They cherish every call and don't want to do anything that might hurt its ability to close. So, when it gets to the objection handling phase of the call, they roll over and let the prospect walk all over them as they've convinced themselves that challenging the prospect will cause them to say no. And there's the truth of this, and this is a really good sentence to sum this up, they'd rather live in the denial- they'd rather live in denial with the comfort of a maybe than face the healthy, painful truth of a no. So, what I'm saying here is that a lot of agency owners, they get to the objection phase and they're so afraid of the prospect not closing, that they don't even try to handle the objection. Because they think that if they're persistent and if they try to overcome the objection, then the prospect's going to be like, "Oh, no. No, I don't want to do that. No, no, no, no, no." So, they would rather get a maybe than a no, which is not the way to think, as you know, at this point. You know, we've- we've talked a lot about that in- in the, um, previous videos. So, if you're coming into every call petrified it's not gonna close, and petrified you're gonna lose it, well, guess what's gonna happen? You're gonna lose it. And there will be times when no matter how hard you try, you cannot overcome an objection. And when this happens, you and the prospect will conclude that it's a no. And to the untrained salesperson, this causes pain. You know, most agency owners would rather avoid the pain and just say, "Awesome. Well, get back to me soon," to take some comfort in the fact that the prospect might buy in the future, and simply put, they're building a business on hope, and hope is not a strategy for growth So, understand, you are responsible for overcoming the objection. If you do not handle the objection on the call, then it will never be handled. Prospects do not handle their own objections okay. You know, if- if someone- if someone has doubt and- and you don't conquer that doubt on the call, then that doubt, like, if you give them time to think about it, then you're basically just giving the time for that seed of doubt to grow, and they will not buy from you. So, if you are truly afraid of losing the sale, then you'll do everything you can to handle the objection on the call and get them closed there and then. And this is just so important. Like, if you're afraid to tackle people's objections because you're afraid it's gonna piss them off, upset them, and therefore you'll lose the sale, well, it's- it's not the way it works. Like, if you're truly afraid of losing the sale, then you need to do everything you can to handle their objections. Like, if you think you can help them and if- if you genuinely believe that you can actually change their life and improve the quality of their existence, then you should be afraid of not getting them on board. And you should- you should let that fear, not that you shouldn't be afraid of it, but you should just want them so much that you don't- you'll do everything you can to get them. Now, not everything you can. We don't wanna be too flexible here. But you- you just want to attack these objections ruthlessly if you think you can help the person. Because if you don't, then they'll never buy from you. So, here are some examples. Um, you know, these are all about a fear of losing the sale. Like, if you think, "Oh, I'll let them make their own mind up," or, "I don't wanna piss them off and lose the chance of making the sale," or, "I'd rather give them time to make an educated decision or I'll lose the sale if I fight back," or, "If I try too hard, the prospect won't buy. I'll let them come to me. If I let him think about it, he'll owe me one." Like, all of these quotes and beliefs were really just my way of saying, "I'm terrified of losing the sale, so I'm not gonna try and handle these objections because I think they might jeopardize my ability to get the close and I would rather live in this maybe zone and- and think- and be in this sort of, 'Oh, maybe he will buy. Maybe he will.'" Like, I'd rather sort of numb the pain by believing that this- this- I'd rather basically be in denial (laughs) than face the truth, um, simply put. And that's the cause of most people's problems. So, how do we remedy these fears? Remedying your irrational fear. The first step to remedying a fear of objection handling is to recognize that it exists and actually analyze it. So, if you are afraid, for example, of potential conflict caused by you challenging an objection, then pause this video to actually analyze that fear and why it exists, and you'll quickly come to the conclusion that it's total bullshit and isn't grounded in reality or the truth. And likewise, with the fear of what they'll think about you or fear of losing the sale. Like, just take a long, hard look at why that fear exists and just watch it completely shatter before your eyesAnd the truth is that when you challenge someone's objection properly, and properly is the key word here, there's a certain way to do it, which we'll share in the next video. But when you challenge it properly, you will put a fire of conflict out, not add fuel to it, right? So if you're afraid of, of put, adding fuel to the fire of conflict, then no, you won't, okay? You're actually gonna put the fire out if you do it properly. And the second one is instead of pissing them off or having them judge you, you'll actually gain respect from the prospect, and you'll bring them around to a more accurate understanding of the truth. And the third one, instead of losing the sale, you'll win the sale, or at least increase your chances of winning it. So here they are. Conflict. This is how you remedy these ones, like I've, I've sort of just kept these in the back of my mind as I'm going my way through, because it's nice to know that you've got a remedy for these fears. So if you're afraid of conflict, then know that if things get really out of hand, you can just hang up the phone or end the meeting abruptly. Like we're not, we, we're calling people. We're doing Zoom meetings, and I do them without video. So if, if someone's pissed off at me, if, if, or if, if I'm in an argument with someone, which I never ever am, like the best way to get the best, th- th- there's no point, there's no point in arguing. There really isn't. Like honestly, like if, if, if, if I'm in an ar- if some- if there's conflict basically, to me, that conflict is just a voice on the end of a phone which is thousands of miles away from me. Like I've, I've never had to do this, but it's always given me peace of mind to know that if things really went south on the call, then the door is always open for me to leave. You know, it's not like you're chained down to a chair and you're forced to sit through this thing. Like, you can always end the call. So like, I mean, don't. Like I, I've never ever done this. Like I've never actually had a call so bad that I've just left. But like if, if someone is just really nasty and you're just uncomfortable and it's just, it's just causing you some serious grief and it's never gonna close anyway, then just leave the call without even saying anything. And then if you really need to, you can block their number or whatever. Like, you know, it's, it's never gonna happen. (laughs) Like I've never, I mean, I've done thou- a thousand calls by now. I've never had it wo- it to the point where I've actually had to end the call, um, because of conflict. But it's nice to know that the option's there, okay? And you don't owe the prospect the courtesy of listening to them shout at you if they're in a, if they're really angry. So yeah, I mean, it's never gonna happen, but if it does, then you can leave, and that's one way to overcome the conflict. You know, if someone raises an objection and it's quite a thorny objection and you, you try to overcome it and then they get all angry and then they go off on a rant for 10 minutes, then that's not worth your time. You can just leave. So the second fear of judgment, you know, how do you get over that? Well, you've gotta know that it's better to be seen as a fearless and bold closer with a persuasive flair than someone whose life is ruled by the fear of what others might think about them So I would, I don't know about you, but I would rather be respected by my niche than liked. You know, why, why would you, wha- what's this whole obsession with people liking you? Like, it doesn't mean anything. Like yeah, you want people to like you on the call, but people buy from those who they respect. You know, you don't just buy from someone because they're, they're nice. You know, you, you buy from someone because you, they think you can, like they think that they can help you. And it's not, uh, you know, there's nothing else really to it. So how do we get over the fear of losing the sale? Well, you've gotta know that the easiest way to lose a sale is to ignore objections. So one surefire way to not get a close is just to not try and handle objections. So the best time to close a deal is now, and if you let them off the hook on the first call, they're never coming back. So the key thing here to know, like I said before, if someone raises an objection and you don't actually face the fear and deal with that thing now, it will be painful to do to begin with, but if you don't face the fear and do it now and they just say they're gonna get back to you in a week, then that's a whole week for that seed to just grow and grow and grow and grow And then it'll eventually get to the point where you can't pull it out with the root because there's just so much of it and you'll lose the sale. So finally, understand this. Your prospect is expecting a rebuttal. This ain't their first rodeo, man. Like, if you're on a sales call and the prospect raises an objection, then they are actually expecting you to have a rebuttal. They're anticipating it. They know it's coming. Like they're not, they're not gonna be taken aback by it or surprised that you've, you've, you've argued back, you know? Most, I know so many people have this, this, like they, they apply their understanding of basic conversation to sales. Like they think that in real life, it's bad to disagree with people or it's bad to argue with people. When in, when we're handling objections, we're not trying to disagree or argue with people. We're trying to change their mind. But in day-to-day life, most people try to do that and it doesn't really work, so they think it's not gonna work in, in this, in the whole objection phase. But the difference is that on a sales call, your prospects are expecting you to try and change their mind. In fact, they're probably hoping that you can do that. Let me explain. Because they're probably hoping you can overcome their objection, because deep down they want you to solve their problem and they want you to make the pain go away They know they have a problem and they know you can probably solve it. They just want to put their mind at rest and be certain it's the right thing to do. So when a prospect raises an objection, first of all, they're expecting you to have a rebuttal, and second of all, deep down, they actually are hoping you can overcome that objection for them, because they don't want to feel doubt. They want to be certain. They want to buy. They want the product that you have. They want the solution that you provide. They just need to justify it to their logical brain, okay? And they're probably hoping that you can do a good job of that to get them on board and actually get them the result they want. So don't be afraid, okay? Objections are bloody awesome. We should learn to love them, because if objections didn't exist, then we'd never have the opportunity to explore the prospect's uncertainties and close the deal. So objections are a great opportunity to understand the prospect in, in more depth and, uh..... just continue the whole process of diagnosis. It's awesome. And also note that if someone has raised an objection, they haven't yet decided what they're gonna do. So if- if someone, if someone raises an objection on the call, then they have not yet made a concrete decision as to whether or not they want to work with you. Because the way that you handle these objections, these are like the sort of last lines of defense that they use, eh, before they decide what they actually want to do. So if you handle them in the right way, then they'll decide to work with you. If you handle them in the wrong way, then they won't decide to work with you. A lot of people, when they experience an objection, they think there's no point in trying to handle it because the prospect has already made a decision not to work with them, so they just don't. When in reality, the pro- if the prospect had decided not to work with you, then they would directly tell you that. And most objections come, like, just before the prospects even had the chance to make their mind up. So capitalize on this chance and get them closed. And if you do your job properly, then handling objections will be very easy (laughs) and you won't struggle to get them closed. However, if you do the call right, you may not even have to handle objections. So I've had loads of calls, probably over a hundred now, where I've- I've done the script so well that I haven't actually had to handle objections. I just answer the prospect's questions, I tell them the price, and then they're like, "Yeah, let's do it." Like, it- the- those calls are very... They can become very common if you get good enough at the- the sales process and you ask the difficult questions and you pitch with a lot of confidence. So the reason this is possible and the reason it's actually entirely possible to- to not have any objections to handle is because of a principle in Erasmian philosophy. That might sound a bit complicated. Don't worry, I'm- I'm not gonna dive into a lecture on st- on, like, philosophy here. But there's this one dude called Desiderius Erasmus, um, and he's a, uh, Dutch philosopher from, I think, the 14th or 16th century, something like that. But he came up with a pretty clever quote and we're gonna be using this quote to underpin our entire objection handling framework. And the quote says that prevention is better than cure. Now this is an, a pretty remarkable statement, um, and when I read this for the first time, I was like, "Oh my God, everything makes so much sense." And in other words, it's much better to prevent something bad from happening than having to fix it when it does. And in sales, it's far better to counter an objection before the prospect actually has a chance to raise it. "And the battle is won before it is fought." That's a quote from Sun Tzu, um, in a very good book called The Art of War. I'd recommend you read it. But what this quote means and what this quote means here is that it's- honestly, the best strategy to overcoming objections is just to not give the prospect any chance to raise them in the first place. And just to- just to do such a good job throughout your pitch and your Q&A that you just- you completely obliterate any ob- objection the prospect might have. Now we talked about this in the answering questions stage of, um, one of the last videos where, like, if the prospect is asking you to use Facebook ads, it's probably because they've either got a bad experience with Facebook ads before, they've got a good one. Now if they've got a bad experience with Facebook ads, then they're asking you that question because they're doubtful that Facebook ads will work for them. So your answer to that question should basically remove any potential doubt and basically take all of the oxygen out of the objection. Like, doubt is just oxygen for objections, okay? So after a while, you'll start to notice there's a pattern with objections. So how do we do this? Like how do we sort of prevent objections from happening? Like how do we even do that? Well, after some time, if you do enough calls, it's difficult to do this to begin with, but if you do enough, you'll start to notice that there's a pattern and that the same objections keep arising again and again. And that's basically how that works. So what you want to do here is refer back to the script feedback form. So we talked about this form in the script modification video and in this form, there's a section that allows you to write down the common objections that you get. And as you go through your calls, you should be recording them and listening back to them. And as you do that, you'll be able to figure out what objections are common and, you know, what- what reasons people keep coming up for not buying. And once you notice these recurring objections, you can sew pre-close rebuttals into your pitch. So what I mean by this is if you know that the most common objection people have is, uh, is that Facebook ads don't work for their niche, then in your pitch you can address that and you can say, "And we use Facebook ads because we found it to work just incredibly well and it works incredibly well." Or you could even just say, "And the strategies that we've developed are on one specific platform and they work so well that, you know, it's- it sort of blows us away sometimes." So that when the prospect asks what platform you use and you say Facebook, you've already- you've already, like, pre-framed that the way that you do it is incredible and then they won't... You're gonna just sort of take all the steam out of the objection before it even, you know, before it even has a chance to manifest. So the only way to do this is to realize what objections your prospects keep having. Like, we do this with Imperium, for example. Like I said before, one of the main objections is people saying that they want done-for-you. So guess what we do? Well, in our pitch, in our line of questioning, we completely disable that objection so that when- when it gets to the close, the prospect can't really object against having to do the program because we've- we've pitched them on- on A, why the program works so well and why done-for-you doesn't. And then throughout our line of questioning, we've- we've amassed a lot of ammunition that we can use to completely dismantle the objection. So it's only possible to do that once you know what objections recur and it's only possible to know what objections recur if you listen back to your calls and use the feedback form. And also, as you move through your line of questioning, you will be able to anticipate potential objections, right? So if you ask a question like, "What are you currently doing to get customers?" And they say, "Facebook ads, but the lead quality is rubbish," then, well, you'd make a temporary adjustment to your pitch to mention how solid the lead quality is. So my point here is that as you move through your questions, you're gonna start to understand the prospect, right? You'll understand where they are and where they want to be. And as you do that, you'll notice that they have doubts about specific things in business. And it might be the fact that you use those specific things to help them. Now, if you know that they already have doubts about it, then what you want to do is make a quick note of that. And when it comes to the pitch, you just want to add a couple of sentences in that completely quash that doubt. So, you know, if- if for example, um, if- if on the call someone said, um, you know, "I- I... By the way, Charlie, I'm not gonna purchase from you today, just so you know," then you could basically... So you could just sew a question in, you know, at the end to say, "When do you want to fix this?" And then they could say, "Oh, well, now." And then you'd say, "Well, I understand now, but you just mentioned that you- you don't make decisions on the spot." And then they'd be like, "Oh my God." And then they'd be, like, crossed over. So, you know, it's- it- it's possible. This- this thing's dynamic. You want to adjust it. Not- not too much to the point where you change your script completely, but the prospect's probably gonna have one or two doubts about something specific. Maybe, for example, they hate click funnels. Maybe Russell Brunson ran their cat over (laughs), you know, and you use click funnels. Um, and they say, they- they strictly say throughout the call that, you know, they hate click funnels. Then, well, you can pretty much bet your bottom dollar that when they ask...

... what software you use and you say, "ClickFunnels," they're going to object to it. So you've got to be clever with these things and really just show that the, the, the sort of benefits of that and be so confident with those benefits that when it comes round to them objecting to it, they can't really because, well, they've already justified that it, it works. Because, you know, hang on, we've done this stuff. Okay. (laughs) So, um, yeah. We talked about Facebook Ads here. Um, we talked about, like h- making, talking about how solid the lead quality is, and if you don't say how solid the lead quality is, like if they've said... Sorry, to go back here. Um, so if you say, "What are you doing to get customers?" and they say, "Facebook Ads but the lead quality's crap," then you'd make an adjustment to your pitch to mention how good the lead quality is because if you hadn't done that, then they're gonna object to lead quality as soon as they find out you use Facebook Ads. And obviously it makes total sense that they would object to this because all they've ever known is bad leads from Facebook so they're probably gonna object to using Facebook to advertise. So this is why, like, the, the battle is won before it is fought because we are... The, the, the battle of objections really, like, the, the best way for you to prepare for that is just to really understand where the prospect is at and then just use that against them. So, you know, it's some pretty cool stuff, and we can win the battle before it's fought. And another thing here is the best way to win an argument is to avoid it, Dale Carnegie, How To Win Friends And Influence People. Now I don't mean arguments here, but I mean, like, the best way to overcome an objection is to prevent it from happening in the first place. So I'm not saying you should avoid a- argument or avoid objections. Like that's not what I'm saying at all. But the same principle applies here. Like if you can just, if you can just demolish objections before they even have chance to grow in the prospect's mind, then you can basically avoid having to, to overcome them and then you won't have to do anything about it. So you don't, you don't avoid it because, you know, objections, ma- are manifestations of doubts, so you can't avoid the doubt of the prospect but you can, you can crush it before it has chance to get too big to the point where it becomes a problem. And here's a quote from me, "The best way to conquer an objection is to prevent it from being raised in the first place." So like I said, objections are the manifestation of doubt. If the prospect has doubt in their mind, it will, it will cause them to object, right? But if you can, if you can actually realize what they're doubtful of and if you can make an effort to, to sort of overcome that doubt before the doubt gets too big, like doubt sort of grows. It's, it's like a balloon, you know. If you can pop it before it gets too big in your line of questioning or your pitch, then it's never gonna become a problem So now let's talk about something called befriending objections, and this is kind of awesome because the way you approach a problem will determine how easily it is for you to solve it, and objections are simply a lack of confidence articulated as a problem, and if you approach them in a negative frame then you'll completely blow your chances of overcoming them, and next time someone objects you need to observe your natural reaction. It's probably gonna be negative. So my point here is that if you, if there's a problem in your life, let's just talk, uh, specifically about objections. If someone raises an objection and your immediate reaction is that that's a negative thing then you're gonna respond in a negative way and that's gonna completely hinder your ability to take a opposite stance at the prospect and sort of overcome it. So if someone says to you, "I want to think about it," then you'll probably notice in, in your body you have this sort of feeling of dread where you're like, "Oh god, not again." You know? And if you let this natural reaction, you know, this natural impression of, of objections come to you then it's gonna seriously hinder your ability to get the, to get it over the line, and it's imperative that you learn to love objections because without them we wouldn't be able to close the deal. When you reply to an objection, you need to reply to something like, you know, t- you need to say like, "I'm so glad you brought that up," or, "That's an amazing point, John." Um, and when you do that you need to genuinely mean it, and if you do mean it then you'll take all the momentum out of it and you'll bring it to a halt So instead of, instead of feeling doubt or dread or anxiety when someone raises an objection you need to make a conscious effort to feel happy because the prospect has given you an opportunity for you to overcome their uncertainty. Objections are opportunities for us to remove doubt and instill confidence. We should absolutely love them. Like they, we should just cherish them and we should look forward to handling them and overcoming them because they, they pro- they present us with, like, an incredible opportunity and without them we wouldn't be able to close the deal. So why would you hate them? (laughs) You know, they, they don't stand in the way of you making a sale. They... Well, they do technically but they're the only way for you to make the sale so you should actually really enjoy handling them. Like you should associate them with, with a feeling of, of just pure love and satisfaction because if you don't then you're, you know, if you try and approach a problem in life with a feeling of dread then you're probably not gonna solve it, but if you approach a problem in life with a feeling of happiness and satisfaction then you can bet your bottom dollar you're probably gonna solve it or at least try. You know, and that's how it works. So befriending objections. You must condish- you must condition yourself to welcome objections with open arms and enjoy dealing with them. As soon as you resent them, they'll be ten times harder to solve and your sense of enjoyment will radiate across as confidence in the prospect further quashing the doubt and suffocating the objection in the process. So like I said a, a while ago, um, it was quite subtle but doubt is like oxygen for an objection and when you're handling an objection your main objective is really just to, just to suffocate their doubt and if you do that then the, the fire will stop burning and they really won't have anyth- any leg to stand on Like objections are just built on doubt so if you can just be so confident and so happy to handle it then the prospect will be like, "Oh, this, this dude's, like, really confident. Like he's actually enjoying this. Like why... I'm not doubt- I don't, I don't doubt this anymore, like why would I doubt it?And every objection should be met with something like, "I'm so glad you brought that up," or, "That's an excellent point," followed by something like, "But you've got no reason to concern yourself with it because..." or, "Here's why it's not worth worrying about." So if someone said, "Oh, Charlie, um, I don't think this is for me because I don't like Facebook ads," I'd say, "John, I am so happy you brought that up, um, and I totally understand where you're coming from. However,, uh, you have no reason to worry, um, and here's why." (laughs) You know? And then you just sort of... You know, it's, it's kinda like the guy has entered your... Th- the conversation in this negative light, and then you've just, you haven't really matched his energy. You've sort of just taken it a completely different direction, and you've taken him with you. So here's an image to help you understand. Right? You've, you've got the family dog, okay? He's always happy to see you no matter what. So even if you're in a bad mood, the dog, uh, the dog's enthusiastic, positive attitude never fails to cheer you up. You must be the same. You know, you must meet hostile objections like a dog seeing its owner for the first (laughs) time in six months and watch them wither before you. So what I mean by this is if you're, if you c- if you're in a, if you've got a dog and you come home and you're, you're in a terrible mood, then that dog is still gonna be happy to see you, and that dog will raise your spirits. And you probably won't be depressed anymore. Well, you might be. I don't know what your situation's like. But just by that dog me- greeting you with this just intense positive attitude, it sort of makes you forget that you entered the room in a negative light. So I'm not saying that you should be (laughs) a dog, but what I'm saying is that when the prospect raises an objection in a negative light, you want to sort of just be this, this really cheerful puppy, and then the prospect can't really be in that negative light anymore and they have to sort of share your frame. It's really powerful stuff in psychology. And quick warning, you know, you still want to maintain a calm and collected attitude, you know. You don't want to mistake enthusiasm or confidence for neuroticism. So you shouldn't be like, "Oh my God, John, I'm so, so, so glad you brought that up. Oh, wow, I'm really, really happy," 'cause then you'll sound like an idiot (laughs). You know, you, you just want to still be calm and collected, and you don't want to go over the top, but you want to sound pleased that you have the opportunity to get the prospect closed. Objections are opportunities to close the prospect, and objections are opportunities to remove doubt and instill confidence. So you should love them, they are your friend, they are not your enemy. And I call this b- breaking frames. So, what we talk about here with the whole dog, um, analogy is, is really defined in psychology as something called frame breaking. Um, I'm not sure if that's the exact term, um, I just came up with it here, but breaking frames is, is a remarkably powerful concept to understand. And you'll notice throughout this video, I'm not really giving you specific strategies. I'm giving you understandings, which you can leverage, you know, unconsciously when you're actually handling, handling these things. So let's talk about breaking frames. So a frame is basically the, the sort of emotional lens that someone views something through. So, you know, one person might hate skydiving, another person might love skydiving. The person who hates skydiving sees skydiving in a negative frame, and the person who loves skydiving sees skydiving in a positive frame. And, you know, if, if both those people spent a lot of time together, then what's gonna happen is, and they, and then, you know, they talk about skydiving a lot, then what's gonna happen is the person who hates skydiving is either gonna go skydiving or the person who loves skydiving is never gonna skydive again. So it's like these, these, there's these two frames, and they co-exist, and after a while, one person enters one frame and one person enters another. Now, that's a, that's a, a, a re- relatively weak analogy because it's not always gonna happen with something (laughs) like skydiving, but with objections, it's, it's very true. So let me explain. So, when a prospect raises an objection, it's typically in a negative frame. And by negative, I mean they think that what they are saying is gonna prevent the sale from happening, and this is a reason the deal shouldn't go forward. So when a prospect raises an objection, they're in a negative frame, and this negative frame basically means that they're in doubt, right? They have doubt about you and your service. And a prospect's frame depends upon the emotional state they tie to it, and emotions are contagious, so if you're not careful, you'll get swept up in the prospect's negative frame, meaning you both come to the conclusion that the deal shouldn't go forward because of what the prospect has just raised. So, when the prospect raises an objection, there's, there's you here, right? You're sort of, y- you're not currently in their frame, but as they raise it, you run the risk of joining them. So at this point, when they raise an objection in this negative doubtful frame, you have two options, right? Option number one is to join the prospect in the negative frame by approaching the objection in the same negative light that they did, and this builds doubt in the prospect's mind and will stop the sale dead in its tracks. So, if the prospect raises an objection and has some doubt and then you sort of agree with them and you, you, you, their emotional state becomes contagious and you catch their emotions, then you're gonna have doubt, you're gonna see it in a negative light, and then the deal won't close. Because remember, prospects don't overcome objections on their own. You're the only person responsible for that. And well, I mean, they can if you ask clever questions, but for the most part, like, you, you need to, you, you (laughs) need to bear this in mind. So that's option number one, um, and, you know, pretty much 99% of the time, if this happens, then the deal doesn't go through, but there's another option. Number two, you can enter the objection with a totally different frame, a positive one, you know, one of confidence. So you welcome the objection with open arms, then you explain to the prospect why it's not gonna stand in the way of the sale happening and why it's not a problem, and you do this by befriending objections, welcoming them, and sounding genuinely happy when the prospect brings it up. And here's what happens. Like, if you do this properly, then the prospect leaves the negative frame and enters your positive one. This raises their confidence and certainty in you and your product, and all you have to do is this for all their objections (laughs) and boom, they're closed. So it's, it's not necessarily about what you say.... it, it's not even about how you say it, it's just about how you approach the objection, and it's about how you see it. If you see objections as these horrible negative things, then you're gonna see them as horrible negative things, and then there's, you won't be able to overcome them. But if you see them as opportunities and good things, then you can, you can sort of approach that in a good way. So notice the difference between this. So, objection number one, or objection is this, "Charlie, I want some time to think about it." Okay. And then if I, so, so if I sort of had that objection and I was like, "Oh," you know, I'm, I'm here, I'm like, "Oh God, he's, he's just, he wants some time to think about it. God, they always do, don't they?" So if I then said, "Oh, well, okay, John, um, what, you know, what, what, what do, what do you not want to do? Like, I mean, what's, what's the problem here, John?" Like, I'm, I'm in a negative frame. Like, I'm, I'm doubting myself, I'm doubting him, I'm doubting the, the deal going through, and I've joined him in this negative frame. But if instead I said, "John, I totally understand why you said that. And in fact, I'm really, really glad you brought it up and I, I, I encourage, you know, decisions like that because I fully understand the reason you probably want to think about it is because you want some more information, but that is exactly why I'm here. I'm here to empower you and give you all the information you could possibly need to make the decision now. So let's talk about it. What, what's on your mind?" You know, I've, I've sort of, I've just removed all the negativity and all the doubt from that situation. Now, he's, that, the objection isn't overcome yet. You know, I've still got a lot of work to do to sort of root this thing out and actually, you know, work my way through it. But the prospect is now on my side of thinking. Like, he's now, part of his mind, he's like, "Oh, that was a, that was quite a confident response. Like, maybe it's not a problem. Like, maybe I don't need to think about it. Like, let, let me sort of, let me, let's explore this a bit." And then he's just, he's just left his negative frame. He's in your positive one. And here's a quote from Epictetus, "Place an extinguished piece of coal next to a live one, and it will either cause the other one to die or the live one will reignite the other one." So, that might not make much sense 'cause it's, this, it's translated from Greek, uh, uh, Ancient Greek. But what Epictetus is basically saying here is that if you have two pieces of coal, one that's currently lit and one that's not lit, then what's gonna happen is the one that's lit is gonna light the one that's not lit, or the one that's not lit is gonna put out the one that is lit. And the same thing applies to this, right? You've got two frames, and either you're gonna join the prospect or the prospect is gonna join you. Now, you're never gonna join the prospect if you do this properly, so the only option is for you to sort of, you know, put out their negative flame and for them to join you. And another example of this and, and the way frames work is to look at interviews. You know you get, um, in UFC, and you know you get, um, MMA fights. If you look at Conor McGregor's, um, pre-fight interviews, and by interviews I mean press conferences, so you'll notice that, that Conor McGregor, he's, he's a very famous fighter, for those of you who don't know who he is, um, but he does these press, press conferences against his opponent Um, and this is pre-COVID, but he'll sit across the table from them, and if you just observe, Conor McGregor is a master at not entering the frame of the other person. So if the other person attacks him, you know, if the other person sort of approaches him with this sort of negative frame, then Conor McGregor just won't even, he won't even step foot in that frame. He'll just completely demolish it and just enter this completely different frame. You know, that doesn't even, like if it's, if the, if one person, like, makes a personal attack on him, then he'll just completely rise above it and just say something else. And then the person who's made the attack on him has to join him because one person has to join the other. Like, otherwise the conversation can't continue. So it's, it's the way that you control these things. And the same thing applies to your line of questioning. You know, if, if the prospect has a negative response to a question, then you just, you just stay calm and collected, because if you start letting, if you start getting all panicky and all shaky in your voice, then you're entering the prospect's negative frame. So that's how frames work, and you must break these negative frames and these frames of doubt with massive confidence. So now let's talk about radical empathy So I know that at this point in the video, I'm not really giving you anything concrete. Um, I'm well aware of the fact that you haven't walked away with any resources or strategies. But these things are so important to understand. Like if you, if you understand how the frames work, if you understand what your fears are, if you understand you need to befriend objections and stuff, like you're just, 80% of objection handling is just mindset and understanding. So I know that these topics seem wildly unrelated and, and, you know, they all seem to be all over the place, but they are important. So, radical empathy. So empathy is, is honestly like it's the, the key to this whole process. Like, if you want to change someone's mind, you must first understand them. Because if they don't think you understand them, then they will never ever, ever, ever let you try and do anything to change their mind. Okay? When the prospect raises an objection, you, you have to understand why they've said it and you have to clearly demonstrate why. So empathy is an extremely powerful tool that all human beings, except sociopaths of course, have at their disposal. So if you think, oh, I'm not an empathetic person, well then you're lying to yourself. Everybody has the skill to do it unless you're some sort of psychopath And it's simple. When the prospect brings up an objection, you must realize there is a reason for doing so. Okay? When the prospect raises an objection, they're, they have done it for a reason. So, they haven't just said it randomly. Like, it's cause and effect. Like, they've actually got a specific reason. It's the same with outreach. If someone doesn't respond to you, there's a reason for doing so. But with objections, if we can get to the reason, we can counter it and conquer it. Now if, if we don't, if we don't understand why or try to understand why the prospect has raised the objection, then we probably aren't gonna do a very good job of actually overcoming it, because you can't really overcome what you don't understand. So the easiest way to dig this reason out is to practice genuine real empathy and make a proper effort to understand and empathize with the prospect, because a lot of objections are just smoke screens for doubt. So when someone says they want to think about it, what they're really saying is they just don't trust you. Right? So you want to sort of practice so much empathy and really come to an understanding of why the prospect has raised that objection so that you can look through the smoke and actually get to the real reason as to why the objection has, has come up. And if you can't do that, then you're never ever, ever gonna overcome the objection because you're gonna try and come up with some sort of rebuttal, which is completely unrelated to what the, the problem actually is So if you just say, "Oh, I don't think about it, here's why." But you haven't sort of got to the core issue of them not trusting you or your company. So it's, it's kind of like they've just, you've just sort of completely missed the mark. And if you do practice genuine empathy and if you do learn to do this, then your prospects will genuinely feel your desire to understand to help them. That didn't make any sense. I apologize. Prospects will feel your genuine desire to help them. Okay? There is nothing more flattering than anyone, um, than another person giving us their full attention and really wanting to know where we're coming from. So if you, if people feel that you actually want to understand them and if they, if they feel that you actually are empathizing with why they've objected, then they're far more likely to come around to you trying to overcome it. And, you know, just saying, "I totally understand where you're coming from" isn't really enough. Like, you need to mean what you say. Y- y- you can't really fake empathy. It's like confidence

Like, you can, kind of, but it's far more potent when it's actually genuine and when you actually just make a s- a, like an actual conscious decision in your mind to truly understand where people are coming from. Then when you say, "Look, John, I, I, I honestly, I totally understand where you're coming from. Like I get exactly why you've asked that and I see exactly what's going on here." Like when you actually really, really (laughs) understand, it becomes very obvious you do. But most people just use empty words, where they're like, "Yeah, John, I understand," but you don't really understand. You've just said that because that's what you think you're supposed to say. And the prospect knows that, you know that, and then you haven't really practiced empathy. You've just given them some empty words. So empathy, really important. And the same thing with, like the opposite side of this is aggression and hostility, right? Aggression and hostility are poor tools for handling objections. You know, I prefer to leverage empathy, patience, and understanding. So if you don't, if you, if you don't really bother to understand the prospect and you just sort of attack them, then they're, they're just not gonna open up to you. Like it's far, far more effective to just be understanding and patient than, than to be aggressive and hostile. You know? It's, it's just not gonna work otherwise. So that's empathy. Now let's talk about belief-based objections. So some objections are vehicles for faulty beliefs that prospects hold. And these beliefs may not align with your methodology or offer, and therefore cause objections. So if the prospect doesn't believe in something that you do specifically, then they won't buy from you. And you have to realize that some objections are a manifestation of a misalignment of beliefs, where you believe something to be true and the prospect believes it to not be true, and it's that sort of tension that causes the conflict that causes them to, to object. And a prime example in marketing agency space is, "I don't think my Facebook, I don't think Facebook ads will work for my business." You know, if the prospect doesn't believe in Facebook ads and you use Facebook ads, then they're never ever, ever, ever, ever gonna think that they should buy from you, because it's their belief, you know? And so what do we do about this, you know? It's, it's crazy. Like nine, 9.9 times outta 10, the beliefs the prospect have will be wrong, and it's your job to correct them. Because if you don't, you'll lose the sale. So another example is the prospect might have been burned by five marketing agencies in the past, and they might believe that every marketing agency on the, on the planet is run by Satan and is out to get them. Now, we know that that's not true, but as far as the prospect is concerned, that's entirely true. So it's, it's your job to, to sort of correct them and help them realize that they're seeing things in the wrong way, because if, if you don't overcome these beliefs, you know, you'll lose the sale. Right? People buy because they believe that it's the right thing to do. And if they've got beliefs that sort of are in conflict with the right decision, then it's never gonna happen. So to understand how to overcome these belief-based objections, you can refer to the ego evading and belief-breaking question section of the Imperium Sales Arsenal. So if you remember, in the, um, in the conversion video where we talked about the, the step-by-step process of getting sales, uh, we gave you a resource called the Imperium Sales Arsenal. Um, and in it we have weapon eight. Um, now, I'm not gonna read through this now because you should have already read through this, um, but weapon eight is basically where we talk about using questions to overcome the ego, um, whereby, you know, if we want someone to have an idea, it has to really be their idea. And if we want someone to believe something, then they have to come to their conclusion that it's the right thing to believe on their own. And the easiest way to do that is to ask them questions that, by the very nature of them answering them, make them realize that they're thinking something in the wrong way. So that's, that's how we overcome that, and I thought I'd bring it to your attention. So if you are wondering how to overcome belief-based objections, then you can just use the, this weapon here. And we'll cover this in more depth in the next video, you know, we'll talk more about reframing, but for now you just need to remember that people's objections are commonly a manifestation of faulty beliefs. You know, if someone says they need to think about it, then it's just because they believe that decisions shouldn't be made on the spot. And that's, honestly, really isn't the right way to think. Like, the, the most successful business owners on the planet are people who make ruthlessly quick decisions. Like, just insanely fast. Like, you think Jeff Bezos is gonna sit around, like, spending three days thinking about whether or not he should invest 1,000 a month in a marketing agency? No, he'll, he'll just say yes or no on the spot. So all of these objections, like if people think that they need to, you know, they think they need to, to, to sort of weigh out their options first, it's like, "Well, no you don't. I've just given you the solution. It's an awesome fit. I don't think you're gonna find anything better than this. Let's do it." Now, you obviously don't, you're not gonna be that direct, but pretty much every objection is gonna come from someone's belief that they should do something in a certain way, so you need to make them realize that it's not, not the right way to behave. But you can't do that. So if someone said to me, "Oh, you know, I, I think I need to think about this," I'd say, "Hey, John, I totally understand. Um, do you mind if I ask you a real quick question?" They'd be like, "Yeah." And I'd be like, "In your opinion, would you say that you're business savvy?" And they'll be like, "Yeah. Well, yeah, of course." I'd be like, "So I can tell you with a lot of confidence that the best business owners in the world would not think about a decision like this. To me it's a total no-brainer, but I understand you might have some doubt here. So are you saying that you want to think about it, or are you really saying that you have some doubt because we need to discuss whatever this is? Because if you go away to think about it and you don't understand everything in full, then it's never gonna work for you, is it? What do you think?" Now, that might have been a bit skewed, like I haven't got a script in front of me here, but you see how that works. Like, he believes that he needs to think about it, but really it's because he thinks that he's got some doubt, so he's just gonna go home and just manifest that doubt. So that's belief-based objections. Um, and now we're gonna talk about something called confidence looping. So like I said before, be- before the empathy slide, I know that these, these topics are sort of just, uh, they, they're all just thrown in here, um, but I feel like it's just easier for, for us to go through everything in one video than to have like 10 different ones, if that makes sense. But confidence looping... is another objection handling strategy. Um, another sort of heuristic or framework, if you'd like, that will really, really help you get through the objection stage and get the close. So, as we know by now, confidence really is the key to overcoming objections and that's because it eradicates doubt. So, you can't really be confident if you have doubt. You can't really have doubt if you're confident. And doubt is like oxygen for an objection. You know, without doubt, an objection can not survive. You know, it's like a, it's like a fire. Like, if you starve a fire of oxygen, then it stops burning. Like, if you, if you starve an objection of doubt, then it kind of just goes away. And we want to use a method called looping to increase confidence and remove doubt. And after you conquer each objection, you need to be sure to loop it back to how you can help them achieve their outcome. So, if someone raises an objection, it's because they have a doubt about you, your product, or your service. We know this at this point, I've said it many times. So, as we know, each objection is an opportunity to remove doubt and instill confidence. But you need to realize that you've got to instill confidence in the right thing. So, what you want to do here is basically just go ahead and every time you handle the objection, you want to loop it back to how you help them achieve their outcome. You do not want the prospect to lose sight of their, of their objective here. You do not want the prospect to lose sight of their desired outcome. Because if you get lost in the weeds when it ... It's just the same thing as pitching. The reason we leave these key little details out is because we don't want the prospect to focus on them. We want the prospect's mind to be fixated purely on the end result. And when you get into the objection-handling phase, if you're not careful, you know, if they object about Facebook Ads, then before you know it, you've got a conversation on your hands which is no longer about you helping the prospect achieve their dream result. It's about Facebook Ads. And you weren't on the call to discuss Facebook Ads, you were on the call to discuss helping them. Now obviously, Facebook Ads is part of that, but it's not the main part of the conversation. So, after you overcome the objection of Facebook Ads, you must bring their attention back and just bring it back to this sort of straight line of the close. Like, you've always gotta be looping objections back to the end objective, which is ultimately getting them to realize you can help them achieve their dream, and therefore they'll buy from you. So, looping is where we use an objection as an opportunity to introduce more certainty into the prospect's mind. So, when they raise an objection, you should counter it and then end it with a statement so you can see why that's never a problem. So, what I'm saying here is when we loop, you, you'll have to come up with these sort of statements on your own. But you want to sort of end it and round it off by saying something like that. You know, where you could end it off by saying, "Yeah, John, so that's, that's why we do it like that and we've seen the best results with that. So honestly, I don't think you've got anything to worry about and that's why it's never a problem." You just loop it back. You know, you just, you're not, you don't just sort of like leave it, you just, you just tie it off with a little bow (laughs), if that makes sense And after a few objections, you know, if you do this right, like if you continuously loop it back, um, what's gonna happen is the prospect's confidence-to-doubt ratio will increase and they'll run out of objection oxygen. So, if you, if you just, if someone brings up an objection and you, you approach it with a deep level of understanding, you practice a lo- lot, a lot of empathy, you're happy they've brought it up, you explain why it's not a problem, and then you loop it back to say, you know, "And that's why it won't prevent that, that's not gonna prevent you from getting the end result you want." Then, if you do that enough, for enough objections, then any doubt the prospect has about you or your service is just gonna be completely removed and it will just be replaced with confidence. And then they'll have no oxygen left in their tank for, for their doubt and, um, and no more objections can rise and they can only buy. So, let me demonstrate an example here with a potential loop, if that makes sense. So, basically, here's how it works. So, the prospect raises an objection. And let's say at this point they have a confidence-to-doubt ratio of 50/50. So, when I talk about a confidence-to-doubt ratio, I'm basically talking about like how much confidence they have against how much doubt they have. Um, if they have more confidence than doubt, then they'll buy. If they have less confidence than doubt, then they won't buy. And obviously, the higher this ratio is in the confidence section, the better Um, but anyway, they, they raise an objection and they have this 50/50, you know, they're sort of on the fence, right? And we conquer the objection and we use it as an opportunity to install more certainty in the prospect and we loop it back. And after we do that, the prospect now has a confidence-doubt ratio of 60 to 50. So, they're 10% more confident. Now, this is, it's not exact, you know, these numbers aren't gonna be specific. But my point here is if you do this properly, you can use an objection, loop it round, and then at the end of it they should have more confidence in your service than they had before. And here's how to show this on a graph. So, along the top here, um, this, this sort of axis along the, along the top, we have the confidence and certainty, um, which is basically the likelihood they're gonna close. And along the bottom here, we have the amount of objections conquered, or the amount of time that we spent on the call. And what you should find here, if you handle objections properly, is all you have to do is loop enough objections the right way to get them closed. You know, you can use objections as footholds to gain (laughs) confidence in the prospect's mind. So, this is how you should use objections is to instill more certainty into the prospect. So, it- this is how it should work. Uh, the prospect should not leave an objection with more doubt than when they entered. You know, if you find that w- what have we got here? We've got one, two, three, four, five, six, seven objections. So, it takes seven objections to get the close. But what we're doing here is after each objection, we're just raising the certainty a li- by a little bit. They're raising another objection, once again, a little bit. And that's how we get to the bottom of it And here's another sort of graph or another diagram that I drew up here. So, along the middle here, we've got this line which is basically this straight line, right? You know, we've got the opening and then we've got the close. Um, and th- to get the close, we need to keep the prospect focused on the end result. And th- the lines we've got here, the three sort of lines, they represent objections. And as we go into objections, we can venture away from the end result. So, if we just sort of remove these here..... then we're sort of going off on a tangent, if that makes sense. Like, we're not, you know, we're not staying along the end result. And so what we want to do is allow the, the prospect to go off on a tangent, you know, 'cause they're gonna stray away from the end result and they're gonna stop thinking about that for a second, 'cause they're gonna be focused on the objection. But we want to basically then loop it back. So if they object up here and we get to this point, we get away from the end result, then we sort of answer the objection and then we loop it back to the end result, and then we're back on this straight line again. And we would have done that earlier in the call as well. So you've gotta realize that a sale is like a straight line, okay? It starts and then it finishes. The only way it can finish is if the prospect focuses specifically on the end result. And what you're gonna find is that along the way, we have tangents and we don't always stick to this line perfectly. You know, an example of this is in your line of questioning. If you go off on a tangent or if you start talking about sports, you know, then you're off. You're, the prospect's mind is no longer on the end result and you're all the way over here. So you need to con- if you, if you find yourself tangenting or if you find the prospect tangenting away from the end result on the objection stage, then you want to overcome it. But at the end, you want to sort of just tie it up and basically just bring the attention back to the straight line, and you want to remove this tangent, you want to keep the focus specifically on what the prospect is there for, which is achieving their end result. So if you find that you start talking about Facebook ads and, you know, you talk about Facebook ads for, like, 20 minutes, then the line's out here and it's gonna be a lot more difficult to sort of loop this thing back. So if someone starts asking me about the specific details of how I do what I do, I usually just say, "John, look, I totally understand why you've asked that, but you're paying me so that you don't have to worry about this. Like, you're paying me to basically take all of this off your hands. When we get you set up, I'll give you a brief understanding of how it works, I'll show you the ads, but I don't really want you worrying about any of this. Like, I want you to just focused purely on the end result, which is getting to 60K a month. I can help you do that. You don't need to know exactly how it works. I'm happy to share it with you here, but I just don't think it's entirely relevant." And then I've just brought it back to the end result. And then he might object again and bring it out here, um, and then I'll answer his specific question, and then I'll bring it back here again. And then, you know, he's, he's on the end result. So that's how this works. Um, super powerful, super simple, and yeah. It looks a bit confusing now, but it's the same thing with this. Like, you're, you're looping back, and when you loop back, you're basically raising certainty. But the only way you can raise certainty is by keeping them focused on the end result. So that's how the looping thing works. So how do we loop in the right way? Well, to loop successfully, all you have to do is create confidence in the prospect's mind around one of three things, which is you, your service, or your agency. Because if your prospect raises an objection or doesn't buy, it's usually because they don't have confidence in one of these three things. And if it's not you, your service, or your agency, then the prospect is doubting themselves. So these are called smoke screen objections whereby the prospect says something, but it isn't really the truth Like, they'll tell you they need to speak to their partner, but they don't really need to speak to their partner, they just don't think that your service is very good. And you don't realize that, but you haven't ... You know, you, it's a smoke screen. Like, you can't see it, that's the problem. Why? So you really need to get to grips with exactly why that is and, um, and come to terms with, with the truth and, you know, you can't do this. You can't loop and keep them focused on the end result and keep raising confidence if, if you don't know what you're raising confidence in, if that makes sense. Because if someone says they need to speak to their partner and you give them ... Like, I'm gonna ... Don't get me wrong. I'm gonna give you rebuttals for specific objections. Like, I'm gonna show you how to deal with someone who wants to speak to their partner. I'm gonna give you objection handling techniques for how someone wants to think about it. But it's up to you to define if they're really telling the truth and if they're really saying that because they need to speak to their partner or if they're just saying it because they haven't got much certainty. So these are smoke screen objections. So simply put, 80% of all objections are merely smoke screens to cover up a lack of confidence in you, your service, your agency, um, or also themselves. You know, if they, if they doubt their ability to do what you need to do, then they're not gonna do it. And most objections are simply a cover-up for a lack of confidence. And a common mistake agency owners make is to craft a very good rebuttal for a specific objection, but then they forget the reason the objection is there is due to a lack of confidence So if you aren't overcoming certain objections, just realize that it's actually got nothing to do with the content of the objection itself. It's usually just more, like, it's more to do with the layer of doubt the objection is positioned on. So if someone says, "Let me think about it," that doesn't mean, "I need some time to make this decision." It means, "I've got doubt in your product and I'm gonna put off buying it." And over time, like, the more you do this, the easier it gets. Like, you will be able to distinguish between real objections and smoke screen objections. Um, but until then, like, you just, th- this is only something that you can learn with practice. Like, I can't tell you specific cues to look out for. Like, it's, it's very difficult to do that, um, you know, wh- without being on the call. Like, now if someone says to me, "Oh, you know, Charlie, I'm just, you know, I, I think, I just, I just want some time to think about it." You know, you can tell, like, he, he's just, he's just using that as an excuse, 'cause it's painful for people to say something like, "Look, Charlie, I don't trust you." Or, "Look, Charlie, I think your product is shit." Or, "Look, Charlie, I've looked up your agency and it looks abysmal." Like, they won't tell you that directly. They'll, they'll say, "Ah, yeah, just gonna think about it." Or, "Yeah, I'll get back to you." It's like they're just saying that to get off the call because they're not certain about something. So you need to say, "Look, John, you and I have been in this situation before and we, we both know that time to think about it just means that you, you're lacking confidence in something specific, so I wanna help here. What specifically are you lacking confidence in?" And you can just (laughs) ask them that question and then they'll be like, "Well, to be honest, it's just, it's just the fact that you use Facebook ads." And then that's the real objection. So you, t- d- in order to really counter the objection, first of all, you sometimes need to clearly define what they're actually objecting to because they won't tell you the truth after that. So you've gotta sort of do a bit of digging here before you can get to the real thing, because if you just said, "Oh, John, you don't need time to think about it, let's get started now," then it, we're just not gonna work because he's actually objecting to Facebook ads, not how much time he has to think about it So now let's talk about something called action thresholds. Um, action thresholds are basically ... E- everybody has one of these and what an action threshold basically is, is it's a threshold (laughs) at which you take action. Um, and what that means is that it, it's basically certain people need certain levels of confidence to make decisions at certain points. So let's talk about this, because if we can understand how action thresholds work and what drives them, then we can manipulate them and make people take action and we know what threshold they are at, if that makes sense. So emotions drive our actions. There's a common phrase in sales which is that people buy with emotion and justify with logic. Um, it's very true, um, and, like, really if you've got a good product, the justification thing is easy. Like, it just needs to make sense. But we need to build emotion because emotion ... Like, you can't get people to justify buying your product if they don't first have the emotion to buy it in the first place. So everyone has an action threshold, and this is basically a threshold for decision-making. It's the point at which decisiveness appears in the conscious mind. And some people have low action thres- sorry, some people have high action thresholds, others have low ones. And people with lower action thresholds will make a decision with less

... less information and less certainty. So, in other words, it doesn't take much to get them over the line. But people with high action thresholds require lots of information and certainty before deciding. And on your- on the call, it's your job to sort of define where people are at. So, like I said before, I've had calls with no objections. I've had calls where people have bought in 20 minutes, and the people who were there are people with very low action thresholds, and it hasn't taken much for me to get them over the line. But there's gonna be other people that require lots of time and certainty before they decide. Now, we can give all of that to them on the call. When I say time, I don't mean they need days to think about it, but I just mean you need to be a bit- a little bit more, um, potent in your approach and, simply put, how much emotion does someone need to feel before pulling the trigger? That's really all that action thresholds boil down to. So let's define which emotions influence action thresholds so that we can learn how to meet them, you know. Really, all you need to do in a sale, like, to- to get the sale done, is just meet the person's action threshold. And to meet someone's action threshold, you just have to sort of manipulate their emotions a little bit. I don't mean in a Machiavellian way. I just mean in such a way that it causes them to make the right decision for them. So there's six emotions that drive action thresholds, and re- there's really only three, but then you obviously have the opposite one working as well, so you need to manage six. So the first one is confidence. The higher the confidence, the l- lower the action threshold. The second one is doubt, which is obviously the opposite of confidence. So the higher the doubt, the higher the action threshold. The third one is pain. The higher the pain, the lower the action threshold. The fourth one is comfort. The higher the comfort, the higher the action threshold. Desire: the higher the desire, the lower the action threshold. And fineness: the higher the fineness, the higher the action threshold. So basically, confidence, pain, and desire cause people to buy. Doubt, comfort, and fineness cause people to not buy. And, like, really, that's just how it works. Like, if someone's- if someone has doubt about you and your service, if they're comfortable and if they're fine with their current situation, then you're never gonna get them to buy. So you need to sort of eliminate these things, and you need to make them realize that they should- they should be confident, they should be in pain, they should have desire, because if they don't, they'll never close. Likewise, if you can- if someone has a lot of confidence in you, um, if they're in a lot of pain and they have a high desire, then you'll get them closed. So, confidence, pain, and desire drive decisions forward, and doubt, comfort, and fineness inhibit decisions. And your mission when conquering objections is to instill the former and eradicate the latter. So, let's see a graph of how these work. And for the sake of this exercise, um, we're gonna call confidence, pain, and desire the A team, and doubt, comfort, and fineness the B team. Okay. So really, to make a sale happen, the A team, you just have to get the A team to win, right? You've just got to build enough emotion here, um, to out- to outdo the- the B team, if that makes sense. It's kind of like a- a game of football or something, I don't know. But, you know, you can use any analogy you want. But you've got to realize that there's- there's specific groups of emotion that drive decisions, and if one group beats the other, then the decision will happen. So here's an example. Here's a graph. So, what we have, um, on this axis over here is the intensity of emotion, um, you know, 100 being emotion is high, zero being emotion is low. Um, along the bottom here, we have the time spent objection handling and the amount or intensity of objections. So, along the middle here, we have, um, this 50, and then we have this dotted line. Now, this is an action threshold, okay? So ba- basically, let me show you how this works, right? Because we have the action threshold in the middle here, and this is the point at which the person will make the decision. So as soon as the A team gets past 50% and as soon as the B team gets below 50%, then the person will make the decision to buy. So let me demonstrate. So we have the A team: confidence, pain, and desire. And you can see here along this axis, as- as more time goes on and more objections are handled, then we see an increase in the A team, and they get pa- they break past the 50% mark. And as we spend more time handling objections, and as we- as we basically have more objections and keep doing it well, then we have the B team decrease. So when you're handling objections here, you should- you should be decreasing doubt, comfort, and fineness, and you should be increasing pain, confidence, and desire. And you'll see here that these, they meet here. So there's a point at which confidence, pain, and desire overtake doubt, comfort, and fineness. And it's at this point that we meet the action threshold. This is where the A team is stronger than the B team. We call this the sweet spot, right? I call this the sweet spot in sales. But this is the point at which the prospect will make the decision to buy from you. They will not buy from you, like here, on, you know... They'll- they'll buy at 50%, but they're not gonna buy until A beats B. And the only reason A beats B is because we've spent enough time handling the objections and, you know, we've handled enough objections, or we've- we've... Intensity is a thing as well. So this could just be one big objection that they have, like one objection that stands in the way, and it would be a very intense objection. But if we can overcome it, then confidence shoots up, doubt shoots down, d- comfort shoots down, fineness shoots down, pain shoots up, desire shoots up, and before you know it, we've got it. Now, the main thing here, honestly, the main emotion is just confidence and doubt, like comfort, pain, fineness, and desire. You should be establishing these during your line of questioning, and you should pitch in such a way that it creates these things as well. Like, you know, you can't... It's difficult to- to- to- to sort of increase pain or desire or- or decrease comfort or fineness. Like, if you haven't established a serious layer of- of foundations coming into the objection-handling phase, then you won't win, because if the person is comfortable and fine with their current situation and you haven't created enough pain and desire for them to move forward, then no level of confidence in your service is actually going to drive a decision. So, doubt and confidence are really the main ones here, you know, but you need to have pain and desire to- to- to sort of leverage, and you need to have no comfort and no fineness, because otherwise, they won't buyAnd on the call, you have to manage the prospect's emotions to get them to the sweet spot. So that was an example for a person at 50% action threshold, and now let's look at 25%. So, this would be for a person who has a low action threshold and doesn't need much certainty to buy. So, we can see the same thing happens here. You know, their, their action threshold's at, at 25%, so it's quite easy to remove doubt. And it's, it doesn't take much time to add enough confidence to overtake the doubt so that we can sort of shoot this up. And then they buy here, and they'll buy, you know, as you notice, on 50%, the person's buying all the way over here, you know, with, with more intensity of emotion and stuff. Um, and on 25%, the person's buying here. You know, and it's, it's, it's a lot quicker, it doesn't take as much effort, doubt's easily removed, they're in a lot of pain, they've got a lot of desire, there's no fineness, there's no comfort, and we just like, we'll, boom, we'll, we're done. Like, you know, deal closed. And what we observe here is that the prospect is more likely to make a decision much earlier on in the objection-handling phase to work with us, and chances are these people won't h- have any objections. You know, w- the, the, human beings, we're not, w- I'm not talking, I'm not specifically saying that each person is 25%, 50%, or 75%. I'm, this is a very, very simple overview, but I just wanted to bring action thresholds to your attention just so you can understand how decisions are made. So, another look would be at 75%, right? Which would be all the way over here, okay? Because if someone's got a high action threshold, then what we observe here is that the prospect is gonna make a decision, but if they are gonna make a decision, it will be later on in the call, and it's gonna be a lot harder to get these people to close. It's still possible, it just, it's just gonna take more time, more objections, and more intense objections. And it's, you know, it, it takes a long time for them to, you know, they don't, it's difficult f- to remove doubt. But once we get to this point, it's like, boom, doubt's just, it's just, vroom, it's gone. Like, you know, there's th- it's a threshold, it's sort of just binary. You know, it's like a long, painful process, you know, to build a lot of confidence, and as you'll notice, as confidence goes up, doubt comes down. But, you know, they've got more doubt than confidence, and then you'll hit one objection and nail on the head, and then they'll be like, "You know what? I'm gonna do this." And then, vroom, doubt's gone down, confidence is up 100%. Now, people aren't always gonna buy. Like, it's not gonna be that their doubt is exactly 0%. You know, someone might come on, on board with you and they might still have some slight doubt in their mind. They might not be 100% confident it's the right decision. But my point here is that everyone's different and there's, there's these thresholds that operate in peoples' minds subconsciously that we're not aware of, um, and you have to know that they exist. And it's hard to tell someone's action threshold, but it's usually quite transparent. Like, you can, you can honestly, once you do enough sales, you'll be able to, to sort of read the prospect's emotional state, um, and you'll develop this sort of like sixth sense of, of just radical empathy that you can just use to sort of know when someone's gonna buy and at which point, you know, how far you need to push them and how much you need to try And basically, this is, this is the sort of point in closing. Seriously, like, this is the, the key to making sales happen and the key to objection handling. Everything you do or say on a call and in your objection conquering is designed to bolster the A-team and quash the B-team. So, the whole point of our script and the whole point of everything that we do up until the close is to increase confidence and remove doubt. It's to increase pain and reduce comfort, and it's to increase desire and reduce fineness. That's why you can't skip questions. That's why you can't skip s- sections. That's why you can't bring the price until the end. That's why you have to pitch when you do. That's why you have to answer questions with confidence. That's why you have to approach objections the way that we approach them. Because the whole process that we've designed is built to bolster the emotions that prospects need to make decisions and reduce the emotions that prospects have that inhibit decisions. And then once you've done this, the prospect will just start to just- they'll ask, they'll start to ask justification questions that become very obvious, like, "Okay, well, you know, what, uh, I, I see that's, that's the price, and, and what sort of, you know, what sort of r- return can I expect for that?" As soon as someone starts asking you that, you know they're closed. As soon as someone's like, "How many leads can I expect from this?" or, "How long, how long does it take you to get set up?" then you know you've got them closed because they aren't emotional questions anymore The prospect at that point is just trying to justify buying. Because they want to buy, you've given them enough confidence, and they just want to make sure the numbers line up. So, as soon as the p- as soon as you get past the objections and the prospect's like, "Yeah, okay," and, and, you know, "How, what, what sort of like, what sort of return can I expect?" or, "How many appointments would that be?" or, "What's the show-up rate gonna be like?" then that's just justification. You can just answer those questions honestly and with a lot of confidence, and if you've got a good offer, then it'll be a no-brainer for them and they'll close. And if you do this properly, you really can't lose. So, final point here is called preventing the retreat, and I wanted to summarize this because you already know this, but I wanna just to make sure that you are totally aware of it, and I wanted to give it a little bit of a name. So, why do people not buy? Well, people do not buy because they retreat to fine. And this is a quote from one of my mentors, um, and I learned this and I was like, oh damn, that makes sense. Like, if someone decides to not purchase from you, it's because they have retreated to their current situation. They've decided, they've weighed up their options, and they've decided that their current situation isn't too bad, or that the pain of their current situation ha- is not significant enough for them to want to do anything about it, or at least risk losing money on getting a solution. And if you can't overcome someone's objection and if someone doesn't buy because of this, it's because they've assessed their current situation and they've decided that they're happy with it, or at least happy enough to not try to change And when you're handling objections, you cannot let them retreat to fine. It says here, "Do not retreat to fine," but that's supposed to say, "Do not let them retreat to fine." And here's a final point in closing. This is, like, I'm gonna give you a weapon here for handling objections around this framework, and it's just, this, uh, I, when I, when I, when I realized this, I was writing out these slides and I was like, oh my god, this is itThe best weapon you have for conquering someone's objection is their current situation. Honestly, the best thing that you can leverage to get a deal closed is where someone currently is. The way that we sell and the way that our script is constructed is such that we want to create so much pain around the prospect's current situation. We want them to really feel the gravity of where they're currently at, and what's gonna happen if they stay there, and all the negative implications of that. And we just want to just constantly remind them of how shit things currently are for them, because people buy... Remember, we can't forget the key founding principles of sales as we move forward here. People buy because they're in pain, and people are in pain because they don't like their current situation and they think something could be better. So if someone doesn't buy because they retreat to fine, then you've got to make them just look at that thing and think, "Oh my God, I do not want this." You know, the, the best weapon for conquering objections is their current situation. And the only way to, to successfully leverage this is to construct the call in the way that we've constructed it, because it allows you to clearly diagnose their problems. It allows you to clearly get personal with them and understand the pain those problems are causing them, and then we can just sort of whip that back around at the end of the sale and just say, "Look, John, I totally understand where you're coming from, but you shared with me on the call here that this is exactly what you need to do to move forward, and the last thing I would want is for you to allow some anxiety to stand in the way of you truly achieving what you want and getting out of this painful situation of not having enough members. Because, John, we know that... I mean, I know, John, that if you come on board with me, I will help you get to where you want to be. But I also know that if you keep doing what you're doing, you're gonna stay exactly where you are, and I can't have that. You know, your current situation is causing you grief. It's causing you pain. You've shared it with me, and I feel morally obliged to help you out and take responsibility for that and to, to turn things around for you. That's the truth, John." That's how you do it. It's just, when you can say something like that, and you mean it, and you're genuine, how can someone say no to that? And that's everything. So that's part one. That's the foundations for conquering objections. Uh, we've covered a lot of ground here, and I'm aware that we've covered a lot of different topics that might seem... I mean, they're all related, obviously, but, you know, we've gone from talking about Erasmian oh, sorry, um, Erasmian philosophy, to smokescreen objections, to confidence looping, to empathy. So it's a lot of different sort of moving parts here, but all... This is basically, I've tried to just compile all of the frameworks and heuristics that I've used to counter thousands of objections. Like, I've, I've listened back to all my calls, and I've really tried to just pinpoint the key principles that I've used and leveraged to overcome objections and, I mean, this is, this is what I came up with. Uh, uh, there's probably more, but, you know, they're not as, they're not as significant as these ones. So that's everything for this video. Um, I strongly, strongly encourage you to proceed to watch the next one. In fact, I'm sure you will, um, because that's where we're gonna be covering the actual sort of method of handling objections, and we're gonna be writing our own rebuttals and, you know, walking you through, uh... I'm, I don't think we're gonna give you ex- I mean, we're gonna give you some examples, but we're not gonna sort of write everything out for you. We're gonna give it to, give you the frameworks and let you do it yourself because that's truly the best way But thanks for watching this video. I'll see you in the next one right now. Take care