# 4.6. Conquering Objections (Part 2)

(instrumental music plays) Hey, everyone. Charlie Morgan here, and welcome to this training video. This is part two of Conquering Objections, and in this video, we're gonna be talking about the actual rebuttals that we use, um, to handle the most common, uh, agency sale-related objections. Um, now, at this point in the training, uh, of this module, uh, you should have your script, you should have your script modified, you should have a good understanding of sales and all the foundations. You should understand how objections work and why they come up, um, and how to sort of deal with them. But you shouldn't have that full picture yet, because we're gonna be covering this. Um, and you should also, throughout the program, have everything for outreach as well. So you should have meetings coming in, either paid or organically. You should be having conversations with new prospects, and, and really, i- it should all start to make sense. Like we, we've sort of given you all the pieces of the puzzle, um, and this, this video here is kind of like the last piece to the puzzle. Because, uh, sales, the whole sales process when it comes to an agency, it's just a series of events. You know, it's like a ladder, like the first rung of the ladder is getting positive replies, or even connecting with someone, and then it's getting a positive reply. And then it's getting a meeting book, then it's getting them to show up, then it's sort of setting the agenda, and then you walk them through the script, and then you get to the top of the ladder, and there's one final rung that you need to grab onto to pull yourself up with. Um, and that is just knowing what to say when objections come up, because objections are inevitable, and they will arise. And if you don't prepare properly for them, then they will just plague your existence and you'll never grow. So, the only other thing besides objections is managing your brain, okay, and keeping your emotions in check, um, and we'll be talking about that in the next video. But for now, let's sort of round off your understanding of sales in general, um, and let's talk about these rebuttals. So here's what we're gonna cover. So we're gonna do a quick recap of foundations, uh, from the video that we just watched. Uh, then we're gonna talk about how to conquer objections, and I'm gonna sort of boil this down to a couple of slides that you can just, you know, in, in a very short period of time, just really realize what the secret is to this whole thing. Then I'm gonna give you the rebuttal vault. Uh, this is basically a PDF that contains all of the rebuttals to all of the common objections that you'll experience. So there's really no excuse for not handling these. Then I'm gonna give you some examples of objection conquering, um, so I've actually got some live examples, I think like 20 or 30 clips from actual sales calls, um, most of which are five to 10 minutes long, j- just basically cover some Q&A and objection handling, um, that you can sort of listen in to, so you can peek behind the curtain and actually listen to how I've handled these objections in the past. Um, then we're gonna talk about building your rebuttal vault, conquering the price objection, and what to do if you can overcome an objection. Okay, it's gonna happen, like inevitably, where y- there are just some objections you cannot overcome, and some prospects are just so adamant that you just, you know, it's like pulling, you know, blood from a stone or whatever. So we're gonna talk about all of that in this video. So first of all, let's do a quick recap of the foundations, um, with regards to what we learned in the last video. So in that video, we talked about quite a few things. Um, we covered a lot of ground there, and one of the main things we talked about was where the sale truly begins. Okay, we have to understand that anyone can ask a line of questioning, anyone can pitch, but really the thing that separates the good salespeople from the great salespeople i- is the objection handling stage. So the, the sale begins when the objections start. Okay? And that's, that's why it's so important you get this right, because any- anyone can, can pitch, you know, anyone can ask questions. It's not too difficult. But the, the difficulty comes with objection handling, so you've gotta sort of grab this bull by the horns. Um, we also talked about the objection epiphany, which is where w- we understand now, or you should at least understand at this point, that fear rules most agency owners, and they don't or can't handle objections because of this fear. So we talked about the fear of conflict, um, and all those things that basically p- prevent you from handling objections properly, and we routed those fears out, and you should've sort of seen them or recognized them in yourself and, um, eliminated them. We also talked about Erasmian philosophy, um, which is why prevention beats cure, and the best objection is no objection at all. So honestly, the, the best thing you can do for handling objections here is just to use the whole script we gave you, to pitch like we told you to pitch, and to answer questions in the way we told you to answer questions, because the whole process we've got here is built to prevent objections from even being raised in the first place. So if you follow what we've given you, then you're not gonna run into too many difficult objections because, well, you, you shouldn't, (sighs) you shouldn't have too many issues with them, because you should have clearly diagnosed a problem with the prospect, you should have clearly positioned yourself as the bridge for them to traverse the gap from where they are to where they want to be, and they should associate you strictly with the outcome they want, and it's difficult to object to that. But it's inevitable that objections slip through the cracks, so we still need to understand them. We also talked about befriending objections, um, where we sort of discussed that you need to really love objections, okay? They're opportunities to raise confidence. They are, they are not this negative thing, and we talked about breaking frames as well, how you, you can't enter objections in a negative frame. Like if someone raises an objection and they think that there's a problem and they're raising an objection, then you can't enter it with the same mindset as the prospect, because you'll just reinforce the doubt that's already manifested as a result of that. So we also talked about radical empathy and why it's really important that you actually seek to understand the prospect. You don't just say to the prospect, "I understand," or, "Yeah, I get that." You actually deeply understand that there is a reason why people object-And if you can dig that out, you can sort of come to terms with the fact that it's not actually a very specific reason, or there's not actually a problem. They're just sort of bullshitting. And when you can understand that, things get very easy. We also talked about confidence looping and how you can loop ... y- you must loop each objection back to them getting their outcome, with confidence. We talked about belief-based objections, and you've got to accept the fact that you may have to shatter people's beliefs to get them closed. Okay, so you, they, they are gonna be ... prospects are gonna have limiting beliefs that aren't representative of reality or don't properly represent reality, and you're gonna have to just take responsibility for those and just completely destroy them before their pr- before the prospect's eyes. There's a certain way we do this with reframing questions, but, uh, you know, you're gonna have to, you have to come to terms with this. There are gonna be beliefs people have about their business, about your business, about the market and everything, that you just sort of have to obliterate. You know, we have this where we're selling to agency owners and they're like, "Ah, yeah, well I, I feel like I should give up on this agency because the niche isn't big enough." And it's like, "No, that's just a belief that you hold that's wrong." And it's, you know, we have to overcome that one, so we've got to figure it out. We also talked about how, um, most objections are smoke screens of doubt. So a lot of the time, like if- if a prospect says, "Oh, I want some time to think about it," like, that's just bullshit. They're just saying that because they have doubt. And if you don't realize this, (laughs) then you're never really gonna get to the core of the matter and you'll be objecting to something that isn't actually the problem, um, and you'll never overcome it. And then you'll wonder why and you'll s- you'll continue to write rebuttals for this, and then it just won't work. We also talked about action thresholds and how everyone has an action threshold, which is basically an emotional pinpoint at which they'll buy. Um, and then we also talked about preventing the retreat. 'Kay, the- the best weapon you have to overcome their objection is their current situation. So if someone's objecting, it's, it's because they doubt you can get them what they want, or they're just, they're just sort of c- they've come to terms with the fact that their current situation isn't so bad after all, and you've really gotta just show it to them. You, (laughs) you've gotta just whip that out and be like, "Look, you're not happy. Are you happy?" "No, I'm not happy." "Well then, let's get this thing sorted. Like, would you rather take a small risk working with us or take the biggest risk of your life not making any change?" I mean, you can polish it off a bit more than that, but that's what it really comes down to. And if you conduct the call properly, step by step, question by question, using all the techniques and weapons we've given you, then objections will be a lot easier to overcome. So really, like, the- the objections are not hard to overcome when we use the sales process, and the reason behind that is because w- we're just positioning ourselves so well. It's like we're just, we're just laying foundations that are so solid and building emotions that are so raw that the prospect doesn't really have much ground to stand on. We've just gotta sort of make them realize that whatever they're objecting to isn't really the issue Um, and it's possible for us to do that with a lot of ease because we're sitting on a very, very, sort of strong foundation, if that makes sense. So, how do we conquer objections? Like, I'm, I wanna just give you a couple of really quick slides here that sort of break this down and, like, how do we do this? Like, what's the secret? Well, it's very simple. Just don't give your prospect a reason to say no. So, s- often, like, just invert it. Like, if, if you're s- if you're searching for a yes, it's like forget about the yes when you're handling objections. Just put your focus on just giving the prospect no reason to object and say no. 'Cause like if you can exhaust the prospect of all reasons they have for saying no, then the only thing they can do is say yes. (laughs) So sometimes it's not a question of getting the prospect to close. It's just basically demonstrating to the prospect that they've no reason not to not buy, if that makes sense. And instead of breaking your back trying to get the yes, just focus on removing all the reasons they might say no. That's really all it comes down to. Just stay on the call for as long as it takes to get the close and stay ruthless in the pursuit of your close. So, it's not, you know, we're not always looking for this yes. We're just sort of trying to eliminate the reasons for no. And if you can do that, then the prospect will come to their own conclusion. They'll close themselves. I've had this happen so many times before where I'm like ... I, I sort of just completely obliterate every objection that they could possibly have, and then they're like, "Oh, well, I, I, I guess we should go ahead then, shouldn't we?" And I'm just like, "Yeah. Let's do it." Because you've, I've just basically stripped them of all doubt. I've, I've dismantled any potential reason, because this is, this is what happens when ... If you, if what you have is truly a good fit for them, then all you have to do is make them see that, and then it will just, there'll be, it will click for them They'll be like, "Oh, shit. This is actually quite a good fit for me. Like, he's confident. He's got a good track record. He knows what I want. He's listened to me. He understands my problems. He's very clever in his approach here, and I can't really think of any reason to not go ahead, so I'm just gonna do it." (laughs) You know? It's like, and it only happens if you stay ruthless. Like, you've gotta just ... If someone, I don't care if someone's got 106 objections in a row. You just continuously bat them back. You're like a, you're like a, a fucking baseball player, right, with a bat. Like, someone throws a ball at you and you just smack it back, and it doesn't matter how many balls they throw at you. You just continually smack them back until they run out of balls, okay? (laughs) And that's, that's the same thing with objections. You just want to s- sit there and just be this beacon of confidence that the per- and they're just sort of like throwing stuff at you, and you're just like batting it away, and then before you know it, they've got nothing left to throw, so they kind of have to come around your way of thinking because they, they haven't really got any ammunition leftSo now let's talk about the rebuttal vault. Um, and then after that, we'll talk about building your own vault. But for now, um, we've got this here. So basically, we're gonna refer to a resource, um, here and this is a PDF, um, available in the resources section. So this is, this is what you've been waiting for, enough of the mindset and the, the frameworks. Um, this PDF, um, the Imperium Rebuttal Vault, gives you pretty much every single rebuttal that we have here, um, and it's quite a long one. So, what we're gonna do is basically walk through this whole thing now, um, and like if you've got any questions, you're welcome to pop them in the Facebook group or hop in a Q&A call. So, the Imperium Rebuttal Vault, this resource will give you scripted rebuttals for common objections related to agency sales. Now this is also, um, this is what I referenced earlier. If we go back up the slides here, you'll see we've got, um, examples of objection conquering. So, if you want to hear some live Q&A and objection handling, then refer to this Google Drive folder. Okay? So not all of the objections below are covered in this folder, um, but some are. And, and just I would honestly encourage you to listen through to these. So at the moment, if I click here, um, there's no, there's no files available because I'm yet to upload them, um, but I've got them here in my desktop. So if I just open up this, okay, this is what we've got here. I think there's 20, 24? 24, yeah. So you've got 24, um, or 23 'cause I, I messed up the first one, but we've got 23 examples here that you can basically, I mean, I'll open one for example here, okay? Um, they'll be available in Google Drive. They're just audio files. I can give you access tomorrow. But they actually walk you through, like you can listen in on the close, if that makes sense. So there's no, there's no information about prospects on here, like I've, I've bleeped out any surnames or addresses or emails or card details. Um, however, you'll be able to just, though, these will be uploaded to the drive, so you can click on this link and you can just listen through to them. Th- they're not, none of them are really more than like 10 to 15 minutes long, 'cause like I said, the objection handling stage really doesn't take very long when you do this properly. Um, but I think there's also a bit of Q&A in here, so there's, you know, it's a mix of both things, like the prospect asks a question, it might lead to an objection, you overcome the objection, maybe they have another question. So it's never gonna be just pure objection handling, um, but like I said, this is, this is really the s- the sale's, like, what it's all about, like the, the question and the pitch you can get right, anyone can do that, but, but this here... Now I've only got 24 available because, I mean, we've got, like we've got like hundreds of these, but what I've done is I've just gone through and picked out some that I think will be most useful for you, um, because to be honest, like I don't... I, I would rather you, you don't need anything more than this, right? You just... The, the best practice for you is gonna be actually going and doing it yourself, so I don't want to give you like 100 files and only for you to spend the next week just listening to me talk. It makes more sense, like you can pretty much pick up the style from just listening to five of these, right? Because it's, it's fractal, they're all the same, like the, all the, the objections you run into are just repetitions, like the cause and effect relationships that underpin people's doubt in sales are, are always the same. So there's no... it's not really necessary for you to have anything more than this because it's just, it would just be a repetition of everything and you'd just be like, "Ah, is this... I've already listened to this one, it sounds so similar." Um, so this is more than enough for you to go on, um, and yeah, just, just have a listen through. Now you'll notice that th- these calls are related to Northflow training programs, um, not necessarily done for you, so there might be an objection or two in here, or a question or two in here that don't relate specifically to done-for-you sales. But honestly, like there's, there's literally no difference between the dynamic that we created in the two scenarios. So these are for a Northflow training program which we positioned at about $6,000 and they're all one-called closes for that program. So if you're listening to one of these calls it's, it's closed later on in that call basically. I've just cut out the objection handling stage. Um, so yeah, I mean just have a listen. Um, just because it's selling a program and not done for you doesn't mean it doesn't apply to you. Honestly, it's, we're selling the same thing like a marketing solution, it's just delivered in a different way. So yeah, that's, that's that. It'll be really helpful for you, um, have a listen and yeah, hope you like it So let's continue working through here. Um, so I've kind of... that's a really short introduction but we've got a few objections here. Um, so what I'll do is I'll sort of read the objection, read the rebuttal, and then add any notes to it as well. So the first objection is, "I need to talk to my wife or my business partner about this." Um, this is quite common, okay? So first of all we have a prevention mechanism for this because some of these objections are preventable, right? You know, if someone says this to you it's because you haven't really prepared properly, okay? So first of all, make sure all relevant decision makers are on the call and clarify this before the call begins. So in your qualifying process, if you have one, you should just say like, "Hey, okay awesome, let's get a call booked in. Just to be clear, is it just you that makes the decisions or is there anybody else?" And honestly, if, if someone wants to take a call with me and they want to leave their business partner out of it but the business partner is involved in the decision, then I just won't take the call. Like if they're like, "Oh yeah, it would be, it would be me and then John but John's away this week so I'll take the call and I'll talk to him," I'm just like, "No, we'll just wait till John's available," because we're positioning these calls for one-call closes and if we, if we enter the call knowing that John's not available then we know that the one-call close is never ever gonna work because they're probably gonna want to run it through with him Whereas if you get them both on the call then you can still ask the questions and then you can still have the one-call close because they're both there to discuss it there and then. Um, but anyway here's a rebuttal. So I've broken this down into two, so first of all we've got a rebuttal for smokescreen and then we've got a rebuttal for genuine objection. So sometimes people will say they need to talk to a partner when they don't actually need to talk to their partner, they're just doubtful of what you do. So I would just say, "I totally understand John, let me ask this, is it the case that you're totally on board with this and just want to get it signed off or are you having some doubts elsewhere?" So like basically what we're asking here is, it's like, look, do you actually want to do this and you, you just want to confirm it with someone else or is it the case that you're just, you're sort of pulling this decision off because you're afraid to tell me no? And if they don't have any doubts, um, then what you want to do is con- continue to rebuttal two, because then if they say, "Oh no, no, I do want to do this, I just need to run it through with him," um, then we know it's a genuine objection. But just by asking this question, and the same thing applies to a lot of these different objections, um, just by asking this question it might be the case that he's like, "Well to be honest I actually am doubting the fact that you use Facebook," or, "I'm doubting this," or, "I'm doubting that," and then you can handle the true objection And then he just, doesn't matter that he wants to talk to his bu- he doesn't want to talk to his business partner, like if you, if you overcome all the doubts he'll make the decision, he probably doesn't even have a business partner. So (laughs) you know, it doesn't matter. But anyways if you ask this question and he says, "No, I've got no doubts," then you'd continue to this rebuttal. So you'd say, "I totally understand that John and I'm with you all the way. I wouldn't dream of making a decision without h- without my business partner signing off first. I'm happy to chat, I'm happy for you to chat it through with him or her but to hold the incentive-based pricing I need some small form of commitment from you, so would you be happy to pay a refundable deposit of 250 bucks on the premise that we schedule a follow-up with your business partner and if the outcome of that is negative I'll refund that money?" So what we do here is w- we're not... the, the prospect isn't really deciding to work with us but what we want to do is get a small financial commitment from them of about 250 bucks, 100 bucks or whatever, like you can just keep this thing consistent now so that it just, it's the same every time, like

... 200 bucks or something. It doesn't have to be massive. But if someone wants time to think about it, or if someone wants time to get the money for it, or if someone wants time to talk to a business partner, then it- you just need to ask for a small commitment. You say, "Look, I, I totally understand that, but we take the incentive-based pricing thing very seriously. It's not just some sort of bullshit strategy. We live and breathe by it, and it would be unfair on our clients that have come onboard with it if, if we made exceptions. So, if it's okay with you, I'd like to ask for a small deposit, which is entirely refundable, but just, it shows me that you're actually interested and not just putting this decision off and you're too afraid to tell me that you're not interested. Does that make sense, John?" So, it says here, "If they aren't willing to put a deposit down, they're never gonna buy." So, like, if you ask, if you ask for a refundable deposit and they don't give it to you, then they're never ever gonna give you thousands of dollars. Okay? So, you might need to revert back and just go back to where they were and handle the objections or the doubts they're having. 'Cause if, if they're like, if they're not willing to do this, then you can say, "I totally understand, John, but in my experience, the only reason someone wouldn't want to do that is if they've got some serious doubts. So, what is it you're doubting? And let's talk about that." And then, you know, you can, you can revert back and figure out what's really going on. Um, so, that's the first objection. Um, and then the worst-case scenario is the call ends, you bill up 250 bucks, and then you schedule a follow-up call with them and their business partner, um, and then you hop on that call with them. And it's like, if they, if they say no, then you ask them why, you try and handle the objections. If you can't overcome it, you refund them, but it gives you a pretty good chance of overcoming it, because they've, they've made this small commitment. In their mind, they're like, "Ah, I've paid this guy a little bit of money. Like, I, I should take this seriously." So, number two. "Can I speak with some of your clients or references?" So, prevention for this is to send testimonials pre-call or to have a testimonials page on your site, and let me explain. So, I've got two rebuttals here. Um, rebuttal one. So, if someone said, "Can I speak with some of your clients?" I'd say, "Great question, and I fully understand why you've asked that. Now, while I respect the request, we don't give out client information purely because of the emulative nature of digital marketing. If our competitors knew where to look, they could copy all of our strategies." So, emulative means it's like copyable, if that makes sense. "With that said, I don't want you to have any doubt coming into this, so I'm really hoping you can share my confidence. This is also why we have a guarantee. I mean, we are mega confident we can get you what you want, and I want you to feel as comfortable as possible with this decision." So, that's, that's what I'd say. Like, the reason someone asks to speak with clients is because they just want to feel more confident. So, we just say no, but we have a guarantee and that I'm really confident. So, it's kind of like you just sort of, it doesn't matter where the confidence comes from. What matters is that it comes. Okay? It, it, it doesn't matter if they get the confidence from speaking to some of your clients or from your guarantee or from your tone of voice. Right? It, the, the, the confidence, the feeling is the same. It doesn't really, the source of it doesn't really matter. You know, it's, it's like, it just doesn't, doesn't really make any difference whether they speak to your clients or not, because if you've got a guarantee, they should have enough confidence in that. So, rebuttal two would be this. "Awesome question, and I'm so glad you asked. I want you to be as confident as possible coming into this. Now, we do 30 or more of these calls a week, and as I'm sure you can imagine, uh, we get that request a lot. And since we don't want to bother our beloved clients with these requests, we've actually built a webca- webpage dedicated solely to testimonials. And there's hundreds on there. So, if you want, I'll go make a quick coffee while you look things through." So, I've used this so many times. Like, where I'm like, "I totally understand you wanna see what clients have to say about us. Um, and I get that. Like, all the way. I fully understand why you've asked that. I'm, I can see exactly where you're coming from. So, I can't give you client information because it just isn't right. I mean, we do so many of these calls, and if we gave all that information out, it would be kind of bad for our clients. But what we do have is a webpage for testimonials. So, listen, I'm quite thirsty. Let me go and make a coffee. I'll send you over that link, and I'll come back in five minutes, have a look through, and, um, surely that should be enough for you to make a decision. Is that okay? Awesome. Right, I'll be back in a second." And then I literally just let them have like five minutes to scroll through the testimonials site. And then you just mute your mic and then you come back and then you're just like, "Okay, awesome. So, have you got enough information to move forward?" (laughs) And then it's like, you know, it's the same thing as before. Like if, doesn't matter where the confidence comes from, it just matters that it comes. And then notes. 90% of the time, if we sent referrals, the call didn't close. Right? Honestly, like if, if, looking back over all the calls that we've done, like if, if we sent out email referrals or like phone numbers or whatever, like, the call just would never ever close. Even if we scheduled a follow-up, there'd always be some excuse. So, if you do, if you do send referrals, get a very specific follow-up time and try for a deposit too. I mean, but honestly, like generally speaking, like, even if you send someone an email with like clients they can talk to, it, it's, it's gonna be a waste of time. Like, yeah, we've, we've closed clients before when we sent referrals and stuff. Like, we have like, have some business from that. But honestly, like nine times out of 10 you'll just never hear back from them. This is just another bullshit smokescreen objection to get off the phone, to get off the hook. So, dig it out. Um, the next one is more of a question, but like, they'd say, "What's your guarantee?" So, this isn't really an objection, but it's a viable question, and it will turn into an objection if not handled correctly. So, remember that questions will manifest into objections if they're not dealt with in a, in a proper way. Right? So, the strength of your guarantee depends on two things. The first one is the actual content of it, and the second one is the way you deliver it. So, when we talk about guarantee, it's like, first of all, the, the, the main thing that matters is like is the guarantee actually strong and worthwhile? But the second thing is that if you deliver it like it's the kind of craziest thing in the world that's ridiculous, then the prospect's gonna just take that at face value. 'Cause if you're like, "Oh, yeah, well, basically we'll, we'll give you your money back if it doesn't work," but then you're like, "Well, listen, John, I'm so glad you asked that because..."I mean, honestly, it's kind of bonkers the way we do this. In fact, it's, it's almost too good to be true, but it's true. So basically, the way it works is we will give you back your money if the whole thing doesn't work. Which is, I mean, ridiculous, because it, there is, the, what is the worst that can happen if you invest? Like, there's nothing wrong, nothing can go wrong. So, you know, you see the difference? I mean, I might have sort of overstretched the enthusiasm on that second one, but the way you deliver it is essential. So if someone asks, "What's your guarantee?" this is what I'd say. I'd say, "Ah, that's my favorite question of all of them. So basically, the first thing we can guarantee is that if you don't work with us or make a change to fix this, then you're probably gonna stay stuck with this problem forever. So that's the first thing. However, we do also guarantee that..." And then, you'd basically just state your guarantee in a simple form. Um, you should script out how you're gonna say your guarantee, uh, and it shouldn't really take more than, like, 30 seconds to explain. It should just be a couple of quick sentences. Um, and if they ask if it, if it comes in writing, then you say, "Yeah, well, we put it in writing, um, but, you know, I'm, I'm recording this call now, so I'll send you over the recording so you've got me on tape saying it. Um, but we can get it in writing as well, yeah." And if they ask for guarantee before asking for price, you can say, "Sure. Well, the guarantee only really makes sense once you actually understand the investment, if you get me." So, you don't, you don't really want to pitch a guarantee until they understand your price. Because the guarantee and the price are basically tied together. Like, the guarantee justifies the price. So, you really want to have the guarantee as a mechanism for objection handling around price. Um, so what you could say, if they ask what the guarantee is before they ask what the price is, then you can just revert it and say, "Well listen, yeah that makes, I understand, but the guarantee only really makes sense once you actually understand how the price works, if you understand." And then, though you don't, you don't ask them, you don't say, "Can I tell you the price?" You just say, "Does that make sense?" And then they'll say, "I see. Well, what's the price?" Like, it's the logical next step for them to take. Um, and then you pitch the price, and then you, then the guarantee afterwards. So you remember the number one rule of price for us is that we don't tell them it until they ask us. But we can, we can inadvertently or indirectly get them to ask us by positioning it like this. So, then you have the pitch, right? And then you have the guarantee afterwards. So you'd say, "Hey, well we, blah, blah, blah, incentive based pricing, buy now, et cetera, et cetera. And then the guarantee is this." And then you list the guarantee and then you shut up. So it's kind of like you've, you've told them the price and then you've guaranteed the price. And then they're like, "Oh, okay, that makes sense. So the next one, "I don't make decisions on the spot." So the prevention to this is to use incentive based pricing and actually fucking mean it. So, you need to stay firm with this stuff. Like, when you're using incentive based pricing, you need to, you need to mean it. It needs to be the truth, right? (laughs) It can't just be something that you, you know, you're flexing on every call or you're letting, you're letting the prospect take, like, a week to think about it and, you know, you, you, you're just letting them walk all over you, like, "Oh, I want, I want some time to think about it." You're like, "Oh yeah, okay, well I'll keep the incentive based pricing for you for, like, four days." "Yeah, okay, cool, talk soon." Like, no. If someone says to you, "I don't make decisions on the spot," it's because they're just trying to wangle out of making a decision now. (laughs) So you've gotta be dead serious with this incentive based pricing thing, and you've gotta really fucking mean it. You've gotta say, "Look, John, I understand that you want some time to think about this, but, to me, like, that's a maybe, and a maybe is a no. So I'll just write this off as a no, and if you do want to come on board it'll be at the full price in the future. And I don't want you thinking that it'll be any different to that, because I don't want your expectations to be set wrong. We take this thing very seriously. Is that clear?" Now, you're not gonna say it in like a really sort of, you know, you're not their parent. But my point here (laughs) is that you need to use this properly and you need to be dead serious with it So, rebuttal for genuine objection, and then we've also got a rebuttal for smokescreen. So we'll do the smokescreen one first. Um, so if someone says, "I don't make decisions on the spot." So we say, "I'm with you all the way, and in my experience, the only reason someone doesn't buy on these calls is because they're lacking information or confidence. So, tell me, what do you, so tell me what you need to move forward now, and I'll do my job to give it to you." So, what we're doing here is we're just sort of clarifying, like if someone says they don't make decisions on the spot, it, it's because they haven't got the confidence or the information. So we just want to ask them what that is and what they haven't got, and then you tell them how it works, and then, once again, it's just like removing reasons for them to not say no, if that makes sense. Rebuttal for genuine objection. "John, I'm totally on board with that, and I completely understand where you're coming from here. In fact, I admire that. With that said, this doesn't feel like an on-the-spot decision to me. I could understand if we'd been talking for a few minutes, but we've just spent 45 minutes exploring everything about your business and your key problems, and we've come to the conclusion that this is exactly what you need to do to move forward. From my perspective, we are the perfect fit for you. And it's not really about pulling the trigger, it's just about sharing my confidence I have that we can do this. Can you do that, John? Can you share my confidence?" That's what I'd say. (laughs) Like, that's, that's what I'd basically loop it back around. 'Cause they're, like, they're saying, like, "I don't make decisions on the spot." And then you just sort of say, "Well, I understand that." Like if they're like, "Oh, I never make decisions on the first call," I would just say, "Well, as I'm sure you're aware at this point, this isn't your average call. You know, the, this is an exception. Like, we'll, you know, so surely we can extend that." Um, you can play around with this. You know, remember that these are my rebuttals, like, that I've written out and used myself. And just because they work for me doesn't mean necessarily they'll work for you and your niche, so you will need to make some adjustments and changes. But, nonetheless, you can sort of, you know, model these and go along the right lines So, "Can I have some time to think about it?" So, understand that this is not an actual objection. This is almost always a smokescreen objection, right? If they're asking for time to think about it, like, if you give them that time, they are never gonna buy. Because the, under- underneath this statement here, this question, is underlying..... like unquestionable doubt. It's not unquestionable because you can root it out and get rid of it, um, but if someone says they want some time to think about it, like honestly, they will never close because all that's gonna happen is they're gonna have time to think about the bloody doubt they've got and it will just grow and grow and grow. Like remember, the prospect's mind is like a garden and if you don't root out and cut these, these doubts out at the root, then it's gonna be very difficult for you to actually close them. So this is one that I like to use. Um, I like to use this one a lot. If someone says they want time to think about it, then I just say, "Sure, well, let me go make a coffee. I'll give you a few minutes to think and then we'll discuss what's on your mind, okay?" And then you just say that and they'll go, "Oh yeah, okay." And then you're just sort of like, you're not taking it literally (laughs), right, because when they say this, they're, they're basically asking for days. But we're not gonna take it like that. We're not gonna, we're not gonna enter their frame, right, because they're entering this in a certain frame of wanting a few days, and we're like, "No, well, yeah, sure, we'll take a couple of minutes and I'll come back and, and we'll talk about it, okay?" And then it's like, you go make a coffee and then you come back and then they've had time to organize their neurotic and scattered thoughts and then you're like, you come back and you're like, "Okay, John, well, so what, what's on your mind? What's holding you back here?" And then you talk about it and then it's out in the open and then you remove that objection and they're like, "Oh, you know, I'm, I'm still not sure. I think I might need some time." And then you say, "Look, John, I, I fully appreciate that, but i- in my experience there's no time like the present to figure these things out. So what else is on your mind?" And then you just, you just keep going r- around and around and around and around until they run out of balls to throw at you, and you're like in a batting cage, okay, and you just keep batting them away. Um, rebuttal two, "I totally understand why you've asked that. Let me ask what specifically are you having ba- doubts about, John?" So once again you can see here, we're not entering their frame. You know, we're not even, we're not even addressing this and saying, "Yeah, okay, well, you know, I guess, yeah, you need to have some time to think about these things. Like yeah, you don't want to make quick decisions." Like we're not even, we're not even, like we're acknowledging it, we're saying we understand why they've asked it, but we're not even, it, we're not acknowledging the fact that a- they need time because they don't. The best time to buy is now. The best time to get the best information in the most accurate light possible is directly from you in this very present point in time and anything else is bullshit. So we don't want to sort of join their frame. We're just gonna say, "Well listen, what, what specifically are you having doubts about?" Because the reason they ask it, and if you truly understand this objection, the reason they ask it is because they're having doubts So we just say, "I totally understand why you've asked that, uh, because you're having doubts. What are you having doubts about?" And then, like honestly, for, most of, most of objection handling is just diagnosing what is actually wrong because the prospect might be just completely off the mark. They might be like, "Oh yeah, well I'm, I'm having doubts about, um, abou- about this." Like you could, they could say, "I want some time to think about it," and then you could say, "I understand. What are you doubting?" And they could say, "Oh, well, I'm just, I'm not very confident in my ability to write copy." And then you're like, "What?" And then they're like, "What?" And then they're like, "Yeah, I thought I had to write the copy." And you're like, "No, we write the copy." And then they're like, "Oh, okay, well there's nothing to think about. Let's go for it." So, you know, honestly just (laughs) like shit like that happens all the time where the prospect has this thing cooked up in their mind which is just totally off the keel, it's totally not even true, and all you have to do is just bring it to light and make the prospect realize it's not actually a problem and then they'll be like, "Oh, uh, well, I guess I've got nothing to really think about. So that's how you deal with this one and any other. I mean, it's the same thing with, "I don't make decisions on the spot." Like it's like, "Oh, I, I, I'm with you, like I understand that, but what about this decision is stopping you from making it now? Like what is, what's on your mind?" And they're like, "Oh, I, I just, I feel like if I, if I, I, I'm not very technical. I can't set up ClickFunnels." It's like, "Well, you don't have to set up ClickFunnels because we do it for you." "Oh, really?" "Yeah, well, we'll take care of all of that for you. That's why our clients get such good results." "Oh, awesome. Well, let's go for it then." That's ho- honestly I've had, I've had it happen dozens of times, in fact hundreds of times. On all these calls that I've done, this shit happens, so remember. So the next one, um, "I can't afford it or I don't have the money." Now, I've got a whole section, um, later on in this video dedicated to price-related objections, but let's cover it briefly. So the first thing to note here is that if they genuinely cannot afford it, then let them go, okay? So if, if you come to the conclusion, like I've had it before where prospects have pulled up their bank statements on screen shares and they've showed me they've got no money and I'm like, "Okay, well, they're just not a good fit." Like if, if they haven't got the money to work with you, then you can just say, "That's fine. You know, you don't need every call to end in a close. All you need is for every call to, you, you, you can be satisfied with a call if you've established whether or not it's a good fit. That's what you should aim for. It's like diagnose the problem. Can you help them? Yes. Awesome, get them on board. Can you help them? No. Okay, no worries. And then just don't get emotional about it. You know, sell for the fit and everything will take care of itself. So I can guarantee that most people will be able to afford it just fine, okay? Pretty much every business owner under the sun, well not everyone, but most of them are gonna have an extra couple of grand a month to invest in a marketing campaign that could turn their business around, right? You know, pretty much all of them, and most of them would be able to get credit card debt or anything for that shit as well. So if someone says they can't afford it, there is gonna be a case where they, they actually can't and they're telling the truth, but for the most part they're just saying, "I haven't, I can't afford that," right? But it's like, oh, well, you just bought a new BMW. It's like, if they're like, "I don't have the money," it's like, well, they have the money, but just not for that. It's the same thing when someone's like, "Oh, like I don't have the time." It's like, "Oh, do you want to come for, do you want to come for dinner later?" Say they're going, "I don't have the time later." It's like, well, you have the time, you're just choosing to not spend it with me over dinner. You're choosing to watch Netflix instead There's nothing wrong with that, it just shows your priorities. The same thing applies here when someone says they don't have the money. It's like, well, you do have the money most of the time, it's just that you've prioritized something else. So honestly, what you can do here sometimes is just say, "I'm, I'm with you all the way, John. Uh, you say you don't have the money. Um, in my experience, that just means you're prioritizing something over the growth of this business, the growth of this business. Uh, what is it?" And then they're like, "Oh, well, you know, we've just had to, you know, we, we, we've just had to invest in some new equipment or we're thinking about buying new treadmills for the gym." I've actually known... This... I'm not even lying, I've had this one before, um, where someone... I, I was on, on this part of the call and someone was like, "Oh yeah, it was when we were selling retainers for like two, two, three grand a month with ad spend, like not included, they were paying ad spend separately." But they were like, "Oh yeah, I just don't think I can afford three grand a month right now." And I was like, "I totally understand. Um, it sounds to me like you've, you're, you're thinking of, of buying some other stuff for the business, like you're prioritizing something else over the growth right now." And the dude was like, "Yeah, I mean, we've, we've just bought some new, well, we're buy- we're buying some new elliptical machines, that's in the works, so I've, um, you know, we want to really get the gym sorted before we start getting people in the door. And I was like, "Oh, I, I'm totally on board with that, you want to have a good product, but what's the point in having the best equipment if there's nobody to use it?" And I just asked that question and this dude's belief just crumbled before his own eyes. He was like, "Oh shit, you're right. Like, oh God, well, we're spending all this money on equipment when there's no one... Oh my God, you're so right, oh my..." And he just sort of went off into this sort of like spiral of chaos before he came to the conclusion that he should have worked with us. So don't be fooled by these objections. Don't, don't just take them at face value. Do not join the frame. Just approach it from a different angle and, and, and watch what happens. So a couple of cool little rebuttals here. Um, rebuttal one, if someone says, "I can't afford it," I'd say, "Well, isn't that why you booked this call in the first place?" It's kind of crazy because the reason they're on the call is because they haven't got the money to do anything in their life and, you know, the reason they've booked the call is for that very reason. So I'd ask them that and then they'd be like, "Well, yeah." And then I'd be like, "I...

"Okay. So how can we make this thing work?" You know, and I've, I've got a yes. I've got a contingency here. But second rebuttal would be, "I understand you can't afford it." And then I'd say, "Well, is this something you really want to do or not?" You just want to get ... It's, it's like another smokescreen thing. Just clarify, like, "Do you really want to do this, or are you just saying that?" And then if they're like, "Yes, I do really want to do it," or, "Yes, this is why I booked the call in the first place," then I would say this. I'd say, "Look, I'm with you all the way. The last thing I want is for money to be the thing..." This is a fucking good line. "The last thing I want is for money to be the thing that stands in the way of you getting what you want." Like, I've used this thing to close so many deals, and it works a charm. And I'd say, "It takes money to make money, and it's like the chicken and the egg thing. You know, what comes first? So how can we make this fair for everyone and make this happen for you?" And then it's like you just sort of throw it back to them, and then they, they start coming up with solutions. They're like, "Oh. Well, actually, maybe I could pull money out of this card, or maybe I could, um, move this around, or maybe I could delay this payment, or this, or this." So you just ... They just start to solve their own damn problem. You know? Sorry, I scrolled up a bit here. They start to solve their own problem with this. So, but just saying this, I mean, um, we will talk a little bit about this in the price objection as well later on, like when we talk about overcoming it. But this line has, has worked a charm for me. If someone says, "I haven't got the money," first of all, you clarify they actually want to do it, and then you say, "Look. Well, John, listen. I, I, I do not..." And you'll hear this a lot, by the way, in, um, in the example calls. Like, if you go through and listen to these, you'll hear me use this one a lot. Like, when we ta- when we negotiate a lot of ... I mean, I've sort of like ... I've picked these 24, 23 calls specifically because some of them are different, and you'll hear different negotiation strategies as well and, and price points because we always change the price of the program as we were developing it. Um, but y- you can just say, "The last thing I want is for money to be the thing that stands in the way of you getting what you want, and I don't think you want that either, John, do you?" "No. God, that's not what I want." "Well, listen. I mean, for, for me, this is far more about helping you than making money. So you tell me what I need to do to get you on board, and as long as it's fair for me and it's fair for you, then I think we can get started. What do you think?" And then they'll be like, "Yeah, no, that, that makes, that makes perfect sense." And then you're just like, "Okay. So what can we do here? Like, is, is there anything that you can do to, to, to improve your situation?" And they'll just start, they'll just start reeling off ideas for how they can make ... come up with the money. It's kind of awesome. Um, next one. "Let me build up some cash, and then I'll come back to work with you." Rebuttal. "Okay. Tell me how that would work." So sometimes you've just got to ask them, like, "How's that gonna work for you?" You know, like, "Okay. You, you say you want to build up some cash, so just explain how you're going to do that." And then they'll explain, and they'll be like, "Oh, yeah. Well, I want to just do this and let it run out." And then you just sort of reframe it back to them. You say, "Okay. Let me see if I've got this right. What you're saying is that you're gonna keep doing what you're doing, which you've already told me is hardly building your business and isn't even paying you enough to live comfortably, and you're gonna keep doing that until someday you build up a surplus of cash to invest in what really will work. I- is that an accurate statement?" And then they'll be like, "Well, yeah. I guess that doesn't make much sense, does it?" And then you'll just say, "Well, how can we make this happen?" So you just, you just frame it back to them and just say, "Well, what can we do to get you on board? Because I think it's gonna be a good fit. Now, the cool thing about marketing is that any marketing budget, when invested in the right place, is infinite. So what you can actually say to prospects is something along these lines, where you'd say, "Look, John, to be honest, I'm not really interested in getting your business. I'm interested in keeping it. And I know that if I don't make you your money back and triple it or quadruple it or whatever, then you're not gonna have money to continue to pay me. So it's fully within my best interest to make sure that you succeed, because if you pay me this money and you don't see it coming back, then you won't have the money to pay me. So I'm happy to extend the option that you want to you on the premise that you'll keep paying me because it will keep working. So any marketing budget, when invested in the right place, is infinite. And I want to help you scale. I want to scale with you. I w- I'm not gonna build a business here just keeping clients for two months at a time. Like, I want you here for 24 months, for 36 months. I want to work with you for the next four to five years, and that's only gonna happen if I actually deliver. And that's exactly what we do." (laughs) And just, you know, you can just sort of frame it like that. It's very difficult to say no to something like that. So, next one. "Now isn't the right time." Rebuttal one. "Sure. I'm with you. Timing is everything. Do you mind if I ask you a question about that?" And then you say ... They'll say yes. And then you say, "When will it be the right time for you to get serious about growing this business and start getting what you really want?" And you just, you just throw it back to them. And they're like ... You know, 'cause to be honest, like, if someone says it's not the right time, this is just another smokescreen objection. Like, it's just the same, it's, it's the same thing up here. Um, can I have some time to think about it? Or I don't make decisions on the spot. Like, all of these objections here are, are, they're underpinned by the same lure, which is I just have some doubt about your product being (laughs) right for me. So you want to just root it out, and you want to just say when will be the right time for you to get serious about growing this business. And another one. "I can promise you that doing this and w-" Well, you'd say that ... To be fair, I'm not really delivering these with utmost confidence, but you've got to deliver these with confidence, especially this one. "I can promise you that doing this and working with us is synonymous with you getting what you really want out of this business. So are you saying now isn't the right time to get what you talked about in this call? Like, you know, we talked about what you want. Are you saying that now is not the right time to go and get it?" And they'll be like, "Well, no. Of course, I'm not saying that. Like, I, I want it, but ..." And then after the but comes the doubt. (laughs) So you just root this stuff out. It's like a ... You know, it's like a, it's like a some sort of invasive plant. Like, it just ... This doubt, it just grows and grows and grows, and you've just got to root it out, bring those objections to the, to the forefront of the prospect's mind, get them to articulate them, and tell them that it's not the right way to think in a nice way. Um, so that's how you handle that oneNext one, "I've tried marketing agencies before and failed with them." Rebuttal, "I totally understand. I've been burned before by vendors and it always leaves a sour taste in my mouth. However, the last thing we want is for your past to prevent you from getting the future you want. That's exactly why I started Example Media. I want to be the guy that fixes this for you, and I want to be the guy that rekindles your relationship with the marketing world. If you don't mind me asking, what specifically happened with these agencies that led to you not getting the result you wanted?" And then the prospect will basically say like, "Oh, I just didn't like the lead quality," or, "They were terrible at communicating," or, "It took them six weeks to set up." Like they, if someone says they've tried an agency before and it's failed, there's only really gonna be one or two specific reasons why they felt it failed. So all we have to do is root out those reasons and then just tell them that those reasons... 'Cause tho- those are the true objections. They're not objecting to working with marketing agencies. They're just objecting to one or two things that marketing agencies before have done that pissed them off and haven't worked. So they tell you that and then, you know, let, let's say, let's say, it was just, um, the lead quality, right? They'd say, "Oh, well," you know, like, "What happened specifically with these agencies that led to not getting the results?" And they'd be like, "Ah, well I, I got leads, but they just didn't show up." And I'd say, "Oh, well. Well, damn. That's, that's easily fixable. Was there anything else?" And then if they say no, then you go on to say this, but then there might be something else as well. You always want to check. They might be like, "Well, yeah, also they were, you know, they, they, they billed me at weird times. They said they were gonna bill me every 30 days, but they, they kept billing me in weekly increments." Uh, just weird shit like that, right? (laughs) It will just, y- you'll be surprised how much this happens. Um, and then, you know, you'd say, "Okay, so the main reason then was the lead quality, is that right?" 'Cause billing is, you know, any- anyone can fix that. And they were like, "Yeah, it's lead quality." And I say, "I see. Well, that's a common problem and it's easily fixed by our blank." So what you do here is you just insert how you solve that problem, um, like whether it's a follow-up system or something like that, or a sale. Like if the, if the problem they had was not converting the sales, then you just say, "Oh, I see. Well, that's a common problem and it's easily fixed by our sales system." You know, the best agencies out there have systems for appointment booking and for sales. Like, lead generation isn't, isn't gonna cut it anymore. Um, and chances are if, if they've worked with an agency in the past, it's probably just been an agency that's sucked. (laughs) So all you wanna do is just demonstrate the fact that, you know, it's a common problem and that you fixed it so I can say with absolute conviction that this problem will not arise when you work with us. And then that's it, objection overcome. And next one, "I've got calls with other agencies lined up or I want to talk to other vendors first." So this one, this is quite a, this is quite a thorny objection. Um, I love it because I, I like these difficult sales situations. Um, but this one took me a long time to sort of figure out how to overcome because I didn't want them to, you know, 'cause I was doing sales calls, I didn't want to sort of take away the opportunity to get the close from other people inadvertently. That took me a while to realize that. But this is my rebuttal, I'd say, "I'm with you, it's good to keep your options open, but it's even better to close the one that's right for you. And from my position, I can tell you that it's this one. I'm certain this is what you need to do to move forward and I'm even more certain you won't find a better fit out there. Let me ask, w- when did you plan on weighing up your options and making a decision?" And then nine times out of ten, the answer is next week. So they're like, "Oh, yeah. I wanted to just sort this out next week or make the decision in, in two weeks." And I'd say, "Next week? Next week, we could already have your ads live with new customers walking through your doors. Let me ask this, wh- wh- why delay getting what you want for a week only to find out this was the best option for you in the first place?" And you just ask them the question, right? It's just, it's just like you just... And they're like, "Oh my God. Wait, hang on. He's right. Like, why would I delay this decision by a week when this person is pretty certain they can solve the problem for me now and I can have people walking through my doors?" Like you just, you've gotta remind them of the outcome here. You know, you don't wanna venture... You m- remember that sort of diagram we had where you've got the straight line here and then you've got these, these like tangents and they go off? Um, you know, let me, let me demonstrate. Let me just show you how this works, just wanna remind you of this because it's, it's so important you understand, right? If it's actually gonna load any second now. Okay. So, well, it's not a very straight line, but you've got the straight line and at the end of the line, you've got the close, right? And at the start of the line, you've got the open, which is when you start the call. And as you work through this, what's supposed to be a straight line, as you work through the call, you want to keep them focused on the outcome because the close comes when they realize you can help them do the outcome So really throughout this entire process here, you want to sort of draw these boundaries. It's kind of like bowling, like, you know, bowling or Skittles or whatever, where you've got like boundaries and then the ball will like bounce off of it. So like if, if this is the bowling alley here, like this, then along the sides here you've got these like dotted boundaries so that if the ball hits the boundary, it sort of bounces back into the, into the pins, okay? And the same thing applies here with sales. It's like you want to set these very specific boundaries in place so that when the prospect tries to venture out of here, they just bounce back. So like, it's what we've, it's what we've done here where we've sort of gone off on a slight tangent and then we've said, "Next week we could, we could already have people coming into your doors." Like we've just reverted it straight back to the outcome. So we've sort of ventured out here a little bit talking about other vendors and that other s- and then it's like boom, straight back to the outcome. And then they're just like, uh, th- they're never ever, ever gonna close if they're not focused specifically on the outcome. Like outcome, the word outcome and the word close are basically synonymous, okay? (laughs) SoIt's- it's a weird metaphor, I know, but like you have a bowling alley, in- in the middle of the bowling alley, you have your pins. It's the same with a sales call. You have your straight line, open to close, you have your boundary set, and if you notice that the prospect starts going off on a tangent about Facebook ads all the way over here, then you've got to recognize it and just say, "Look, w- w- we're getting lost in the weeds here. The bottom line is that I know how to run Facebook ads, you know how to run a business, and you need someone to run your Facebook ads, to run your business, and I can do it for you perfectly, and I can help you get the result you want." And then you just bring it back, okay? Just st- straight back into the outcome. And then they're like, "Okay, that makes sense." So I know bit of a... I'm not exactly an artist here, but I hope that makes sense. It's absolutely imperative. And a quick note here, so that if- if you want someone to second guess their decision, just repeat what they said as if it's the most ludicrous thing you've ever heard in your life. So you wanna do, you wanna use this wisely and in a humorous way. You don't wanna offend them or take the piss.Um, but this is a really cool weapon here. So when someone says, "Next week," you want to sort of repeat this as if it's the craziest thing you've ever heard. Like, if someone was like, "Oh, yeah, I planned on deciding next week," I'd be like, "Next week? Come on, next- next week we could have your stuff live already. You could have customers coming in the door next week. Wh- wh- why delay, why delay the decision when you could have the whole thing solved now, and next week you could have exactly what you wanted?" So like, if someone says something and you- you don't want them to believe it, then you can honestly just sound like it's... You- you can just sort of frame it back to them. Like, I- I've had this before, um, what's another example? Um, what's another example? Yeah, okay, here's a good example. So someone said to me once, they were like, "Oh, yeah..." It was with the price, it was a negotiation, and they were like, "Oh, yeah, I thought this was just gonna cost a couple of hundred bucks a month." And I was like, "Couple of hundred bucks a month? Are you serious?" Like, I'd, "Oh, wow, that's crazy. I've- I've- I've never thought, never thought it would be like that before." And you don't, you don't say it in a way that pisses them off. You just have to sound surprised. I guess that's the word I'm looking for here. You just want to sound really bloody surprised, like genuinely surprised, as if it's the craziest thing that you've ever heard in your life. Because then they'll be like, "Oh my God, wait, he wasn't expecting that, like a hundred bucks maybe? I'm a cheapskate." And it's the same thing with- with what you can do here. So there's another cool little, um, subtle thing to do with objection handling, but you can just be... you can just sound surprised. It's the same thing like if someone's like, "Oh, yeah, I think I'm already getting enough meetings." And then I'm like, "How many meetings are you getting?" This would be in the objection handling stage, I'd never do this on the, on the questionable, question side of the call. But then they're like, "Oh, yeah, I'm already getting like eight meetings a week." I'm like, "Eight meetings a week? What are you gonna do with that? You know, that's crazy." I'd, you know, I- I- as far as I'm concerned, anything below 20 would- would- would have me quaking in my boots. "Do- do you really think that it's only... eight is enough?" And then you're just like, "You're not..." There's a very fine line between pissing someone off and making, triggering their ego and making them second guess their decision. So you're not, you're not gonna say like, "Oh, eight weeks, how's this?" No, sorry, "Eight meetings, how's this?" Or, "Next week," ugh. "What do you... Who do you think you are, next week?" Like, if you say it like that, then they'll just be like, "What the hell is wrong with you?" And they'll, you'll never close them. So it's a bit cheeky. You wanna have a lot of rapport built with them before you can do this. Um, but acting surprised when they say something that you fundamentally disagree with is a great way to get them to second guess their decision. Um, so that's that. And when I say their decision, I mean their decision not to work with you, okay? You wanna sound surprised if someone... If someone says, "Look, I'm not gonna do this," then you wanna sound really surprised. So that's that Now, that's all the main objections. Um, I've got a few more points for you here. Um, I've got a thing here called the dream question, okay? So basically, if you find that the question keeps going round in circles, like if you find that it's just, it's a weird dynamic where you just keep sort of looping around the same problem over and over again, and you keep trying to counter the same objection over and over again, it doesn't work, then what you can use is the dream question. And this- this thing is just an absolute, like, weapon. It's just crazy. So what you wanna say is, you wanna say this. You wanna say, "Look, John, here's the thing. Let me let you in on something. You're not really making a decision on us or anyone else running your marketing campaigns. Like, you're not... The decision you're making here isn't whether or not you want us to run your marketing campaigns. The real decision you're making is whether or not you're prepared to commit to getting your business to 50K a month and getting the freedom that comes with that, or whether or not you want to stay stuck at 10K a month not having any freedom at all. That's the real decision you're making here, and you'll be faced with it every day until you're ready to change." And this question is incredible, okay? It makes the decision about the prospect, it makes the decision about the prospect getting their dreams and what they really want, fixating them on the outcome and not you. So I'm gonna go back to this- this whiteboard again here, okay? Because it's the same thing, like with this, with this dream question, it's like we've got our straight line, we've got our boundaries in place, we've got the close, and we've got the open And like, if you get to the end of the call and you're sort of doing this, you're going like this, you know, you're zigzagging, you're zigzagging, you're zigzagging, you're zigzagging, then asking this question is just like, boom. It's just, it takes you back to the close. And answering that, like, they can't really tangent away from it, they just kind of have to make a decision. So it's- it's another great method, and just using this question is- is incredible. And remember, just remember this, if you, if you forget this thing, you're gonna th- you're basically forgetting how to grow your business, okay? So co- consistently go back to sales bedrock and le- remember this stuff. But remember that they are not making a decision to invest in Facebook ads, a new funnel, sales training, or your service. They're making a decision on whether or not they want to stay where they are... Oh, sorry, they're making a decision whether or not they want to stay jammed in their current situation or move forward and get what they really want out of life. So this question is just like a sort of, it's a bit of a punch in the teeth, it's just like, "Look, we're going round in circles. You've got a problem that I can solve, and that's all there is to it. So the decision you're making here isn't whether or not to buy Facebook ads or any of that stuff. The decision that you're really making is whether or not you actually want to move forward and change your life." And you just shut up. And then they'll be like, "Oh, yeah, you're right." It's just an awesome, awesome question So the next section here is how to deal with doubt. So this- this isn't really like a specific objection, but I wanted to sort of cover this because, as you remember, a lot of these objections are smoke screens, and honestly, a lot of these objections are just, it's like smoke and mirrors, like they don't really mean anything. The- the reason they've objected is because they have some serious doubt. So what I've done here is given you a brief line of questioning that I've used in the past to close deals and how to deal with doubt and how to sort of root it out and overcome it. Um, you have to get really comfortable before you use this, because it is quite heavy-hitting. Um, but if you've got enough rapport established with a prospect and you're- you're confident, you should definitely use something along these lines. Uh, you could... I mean, all these objections you should consider rewriting for your own language, for sure, but this is a good one. So it's a line of questioning, and it goes like this. So if someone's having doubts, I would say this. I'd say, "I totally understand your doubt, and that's entirely natural. If you weren't having doubts, you'd probably be a psychopath, so it's a good sign." You sort of make them laugh, right? You- you- you i- instill some humor. "Can I ask you a couple of questions to understand this better?" So first of all, we ask for their permission. Like, you'll notice a lot of this, like, let me ask you this, or can I ask you this? Like, if you're gonna ask someone some heavy-hitting questions, you want to really ask their permission first, because inadvertently, psychologically, they've submitted to your questioning and they'll- they'll be more receptive to it. So the first question I'd say is, "Okay, well, first of all, do you want this to work for you?" Right, it's a no-brainer. They'll be like, "Yes, of course I want it to work for me." And then I'd say, "Okay, and if what I've said today is true, do you think it will work for you?" And then they'll say yes again. Now, if they don't want this to work for them, then what, there- there's nothing you can..

And if they don't believe, like re- 'cause sometimes what they'll, if, it, like, you can say, you can promise them, like, you could say to someone, "I can get you to the moon tomorrow," but they're not gonna believe you, right? But having said that, if it, if what you were saying was true, and it was genuinely true, then it would be true, so they'd believe it, if that makes sense. Um, but what we want to do here with these questions is basically establish that we, they want it to work, because if they don't want it to work, then, there's, we're just wasting our breath. It'd be like, okay, w- well, John, you, if you don't want this to work, then what are you doing here? You know? But n- n- they're never gonna say that, because they do want it to work. They're on the call. They've just spent 45 minutes on the call. Um, and then you ask them, "Yeah, okay," um, if it's, like, "If I've, if I've spoken the truth, do you think this will work?" And they should say yes. Now, if they say no, then you need to rework your pitch, because really, everything that you said up until this point should be focused on their outcome and them getting what they want. So, they should basically be like, "Yes," um, "if, if what you've said is true, then I think it will work." And I'd say, "That's awesome. First of all, I can assure you that I'm speaking the truth, and that I'm so damn confident this is gonna work for you. So shall we try to work through this?" And they'll be like, "Yeah, I, I, I wanna work through this." Like, it's, you know, "I've, I've just told you that I want this to work, and I've just told you that, you know, I, what you've said is, is..." Like, by, by answering this question, they've sort of admitted that you're speaking the truth, it's kinda cool. Um, but you ask permission to continue to work through this, and you say, they say yes. I say, "Okay. Now, in my experience, your doubt isn't really doubt. It's just your brain tricking you, because it doesn't want you to face the growing pains associated with growth. Your brain knows your current situation is bearable and familiar, and it's scared of change, because change is unfamiliar. So whenever someone like me says they can help you change, you start having doubts, because deep down, you're not afraid of it not working, but you're afraid of what might happen if it does work. Now, I don't wanna get all psychological on you, but does that make sense or have I, have I misunderstood?" And I've said this before, and then people are like, "Yeah, that actually, that makes a lot of sense. Like, I can see where you're coming from." And then I say, "So, can you see how overcoming these doubts and putting some trust in us is exactly what you need to do to get the business to 50K per month?" And then they'll be like, "Yes." And I'll be like, "Awesome. So can I ask for your vote of trust so we can welcome you to the family?" And then you get them closed. So it's a pretty cool line of questioning (laughs) to get someone closed who was having some doubts. But this is the truth. Like, the reason we have doubts, eh, for the most part, is because we're fundamentally afraid of what might happen if we make the decision to act, like, not in accordance to those doubts. Like, if people are afraid of n- not necessarily, like, it's, it's scarier to not know what's gonna happen even if the outcome might be good than to stay in the current situation because you know that that's familiar. Like, at least with your current situation, you know what it's like. But you've gotta make them realize that if they don't act on this, then their current situation will change and will get worse. So this is a pretty, pretty good line of questioning on how to deal with doubt. Um, it hits quite heavily. And also, like, I, I say here, I don't just say, "Does that make sense?" I say, "Or have I misunderstood?" Because then they might be like, "Oh, yeah, well, I, I think you might have misunderstood, because the doubt I have is actually this." And then they're like, "Well, the reason I'm doubting it is because I've had an agency in the past that screwed me over." And then it's like you've just rooted it out even further. So really, the main way to deal with doubt is just to figure out what the hell they're actually doubting, because nine times out of ten, it's not even a problem. Like, if you came into this, this program, and one of your objections was like, "Oh, I just don't think I'm made for sales," that's a doubt. Like, you're having a doubt, but it's a belief that's based around bullshit. And then it's, all I've gotta do on the call is just make you realize that your, your doubts aren't really necessary, and the reason that you're, you're, you don't think you're good at sales is because your brain's created all this bullshit that, that, that you, that you believe so that you don't try to sell because you're afraid of what might happen if you learn to sell. Like, you're afraid of, of the pain and the rejection that comes with sales. You're not doubting your ability to actually be good at sales. You're just, it's like a, it's like a mirage. Like, it's like your brain just puts up these subconscious defense mechanisms that prevent us from growing because it's terrified of not being where it currently is, because it knows that where it currently is is actually safe. So that's how that works. It's kinda, ki- kinda crazy. So, reframing questions. Sometimes all you have to do is mirror the prospect's statement back to them to defeat the objection. If their objections are belief-based, then the only way to overcome them is by using intelligent reframing questions. So for more on this, you can refer to the ego evading and belief-breaking questions in the Imperium Sales Arsenal. So if you, if you, we covered this, like, reframing questions, um, in the, in the, um, playbook video, uh, and it's in the Imperium Sales Arsenal. I think it's .7 or .8 or something like that. Um, but here's a quick example, um, of a belief. So if someone says, "Facebook ads don't work for my business," then we'd, first of all, we'd reframe it with a statement that goes something like this, "Well, it sounds like you're having doubts that Facebook ads will work for you. I totally understand." And then they'll be like, "Yeah, I am." And then you'd say, "Okay, so how much money have you spent on Facebook ads? Okay? And the people that have managed your ads in the past, are they experts with lots of experience?" And they might be like, "Oh, well, no, I've tried to manage it. I've never used Facebook before." And then you sort of just stay silent, and then they'll, you, you just let them come to the conclusion that that's why Facebook hasn't worked for them. But then you can also say, "Well, how many audience have you tried on Facebook?" And then they'll be like, "Oh, well, none," or, like, "I've tried one." And then you just stay silent, and they're like, "Is, is, um" maybe, "Is, is one not enough?" And then they'll start doubting everything (laughs). They'll doubt their belief, and then before you know it, they've, they've come to the conclusion on their own. You can't just say to someone who believes that Facebook ads won't work for them that Facebook ads will work for them, because i- it's their belief. Like, you can't just change someone's mind by just being direct unless they've already paid you money. Like, if someone's paid you money, and they want to, th- they believe that you have authority, then they'll listen to you. You know? It's like, you've paid for this program, I've been very direct with a lot of my approaches here, I haven't just asked you-... questions to get you to believe stuff, like I've just told you how it is. And you'll accept that because you've paid me money to learn from me, because you've made that decision. Until someone does that for you, they won't, like, you can just say as much to someone as you want, but it's going to fall on deaf ears. Um, so you can do it like this. "How much copy have you tested?" They might be like, "Oh, well, I- I tried one piece of copy." And you just stay silent, and then they'll be like, "Oh, i- is- is- is that not enough? I- I- to be fair, maybe I could have tried more." And then they just start, you know, undermining their- their belief. Um, here's a good line of questioning for this, for Facebook. Um, so if someone says, "I don't think Facebook ads work for my business," I'd say, "Okay, well let- let's get a couple things clear. Is there a desire for your product?" "Yes, there's a desire for my product." "Okay, and who is your customer?" And then they'll tell you their customer. And then you'd say, "Can you find your customer on Facebook?" And, I mean, the answer's going to be yes, because pretty much everyone in their- is on Facebook. I- you know, we can- bloody hell, we can target, uh, uh, gyms on Facebook. I'm sure we can find anyone else. It's not, it's not difficult to do once you know how. And then I'd say, they'd say, "Yes, we can find those people on Facebook." So I'd say, "So if there are people with a desire for your product, and we can find them on Facebook, what's the issue here?" And then they'll be like, "Oh, well, maybe there's not an issue. Like, there's a desire for my product. The people who desire this product are on Facebook, and I can run ads to them." (laughs) Like it's the, it's the simplest thing. Like it's just these people have these beliefs that they build up over time, and they're very set in stone, and the only way you can get through them is to undermine them. Um, so that's reframing questions. Um, Facebook ads is the easiest example for me to give you. I don't want you coming into this thinking that Facebook ads is, everyone's going to doubt Facebook ads, 'cause it's- seldom is it the case. But every now and then, you will come across an objection. For example, in the agency space, like I've said this many times before, but one of the main objections we get is people saying they want done-for-you, and they want to just outsource their appointment booking. Um, and I'm sure you know by now, that's not the right way to go about it. Um, but they don't know that. They just want to outsource it. It's their belief that it's- it should be outsourced. So then I just say, "Awesome, well, tell me how that would work for you." And they'll be like, "Well, I'm going to hire a VA, I'm going to write some email copy." And I'd say, "Okay, so what you're saying is you want to pay money to outsource a system and a process that you don't- you don't yet understand how to do. Is that- is that what you're saying?" And then they're like, "Uh, yeah, that doesn't make much sense, does it?" And I'm like, "Well, y- you tell me." And then they'll be like, "Well, yeah, I guess you're right." And then they're like, oh, belief broken. (laughs) Honestly. I can't just say to someone, "You know, well, you need to- you need to learn how to do it," because then their ego barriers go up. I need to ask them very clever questions that, by the very nature of them answering them, undermine their belief. So that's the Imperium Rebuttal Vault. Um, I want you to use these as frameworks, because honestly, if you try and say some of this stuff, it's gonna sound really weird to you. But I want you to sort of just make a note, okay? Because what we have in the next part of this video is, um, building your rebuttal vault. And what I've got here is a spreadsheet which will be, um, it's very similar to the que- I mean, it's- it's identical to the question and answer spreadsheet that we have. Um, but what I want you to do is build your own vault, because what you're gonna notice is there's about 10 objections that keep repeating themselves. Only 10. You- you'll find there's- there's more. I mean, for- for- for Northflow, we've probably got like 20 or 30 now. But generally speaking, there's 10 very common objections that are gonna continuously arise. And I want you to know that every single objection can be conquered. Every single objection can be overcome. It's just finding a rebuttal that's smooth and works really well for you and resonates with the prospect. So what I want you to do right now is, you don't need to do this like right now actually, but as you go through calls, like if someone doesn't buy from you... And- and believe me when I say this, if someone doesn't buy from you, it's because they've raised an objection that you haven't been able to overcome. So to be honest, someone not buying from you is kind of cool because it's good feedback for how we can improve in the future. So all you want to do is write out their objection that led to them not buying from you that you couldn't overcome. And then what you want to do is spend a good hour or two thinking through the different rebuttals you can have, write it up, give it a score, test it, and then if- if it's got a low score, by- by score, I just mean like do you think it's going to work or not? And if it doesn't work, then you come back to the drawing board, and you just go back through it. Every single objection can be overcome. You know, we're here to help. We've got the Facebook group, we've got the Q&A calls. Honestly, like, rebuttals are not hard to come up with, okay? They're really easy, but you've got to just think it through. So if- if for example, you can't close calls because people keep saying, um, "I hate click funnels," right? Maybe that's like your main, I mean, it's very, I've never had anyone say this, but it's just a random objection. Like if that's why you can't close calls, then you just need to come up with a rebuttal for this, and then you use the rebuttal. Like honestly, for the most part, most salespeople, if they're in a sales rut, it's because they're being played by like one objection. And honestly, the easiest way to get out of that rut is just to go back through your rebuttals, figure out a better rebuttal, and then just say that next time you have the call. So I want you to, um, go ahead here, press file, make a copy, and keep this spreadsheet and just fill it out. Because in, give this like one to two years, and what you'll have is a spreadsheet with 20 to 30 objections in there, and you'll have proven rebuttals for your business that work in your niche for your tone of voice and your language every single time. And honestly, when I have sa- I've got my own one of these, when I have sales calls, I just pull this up in the background, and when someone says an objection, I'm just like, oh yeah, that's- that's point number 15, okay, rebuttal. And then I'll just basically read the scripted rebuttal. They don't know it's scripted because people don't assume that rebuttals are scripted. You don't want it to sound scripted. But my point here is I can just sell like a bloody robot. Like I'm not, obviously you can't, you can't just completely disengage your brain, but it gets very easy to close deals when you've got a proven system. And I've given you all the frameworks and everything that I know about objection handling up until this point. I've given you, like, I've given you examples, I've given you live examples. If you can't come up with this, then you might need to reconsider running an agency. Don't give up. I know it's gonna, it's gonna feel weird to begin with because it's not a natural thing to do. But my point there and what I meant is don't give up on running your agency, but...It takes some thought, okay? And I can't just give you all the answers. I've given you as much as I can, but you need to come up with your own. So, you know, write out all your objections here that keep coming up, the ones that you can't handle, and even the ones that you can handle. And then write out your rebuttals for them. Test them against the market. Like, you know, you can keep a little tally or something. Like, I've done it, like, 10 times and I've closed, like, three deals and then you're like, "Oh, okay. That one seems to work quite well." Um, and just keep doing this. And then when you go to hire a salesperson, you can just say, "Hey, here's all the objections and rebuttals that you could possibly..." Or, "Here's all the objections you're gonna come up against, and here's all the rebuttals for it." And then that salesperson is just, like, leaps and bounds ahead of everyone else. So that's the rebuttal vault. Really helpful, really useful, make sure you use it. Um, and now let's talk about overcoming the price objection. So the price objection is... Actually, to be honest, it's one of the easiest objections to overcome. A lot of people have very negative associations with price-related objections. Um, but what I've got here is a resource, um, specifically for overcoming the price objection, um, which will be available in the download section below this video. Um, to be honest, I'm not gonna give you very specific rebuttals for this. I've already given you some. Um, but it's - y- you're not gonna overcome the price objection until you actually understand it because a lot of people approach the price objection the wrong way. Um, and I was sort of approaching this purely from the perspective of limited money or scarce financial resources for a very long time. Um, and honestly, i- it wasn't until I sort of realized what was really going on that I actually came to terms with it. So I'm gonna give you this now and I hope you understand it because it's gonna save you a lot of pain. So this resource explores how to overcome price-related objections. So the first thing I wanna cover here is the price objection mindset, the law of value, and a couple of things, like, framework-wise. So price objection mindset. People will go to the ends of the earth to buy something if they're certain it's gonna work for them. For example, if a lottery ticket was guaranteed to win a billion dollars and it cost a million dollars and you had a week to come up with that money, I can guarantee you'd do everything in your power to raise that million dollars. So if I came to you and said, "Look, Charlie," or, "Look, John, um, I've got a lottery ticket here. It's - I'm, I'm from the future. These are the numbers. It's guaranteed. Like, it's written, like, the, the contract has been signed by God Himself that, you know, if, if you, if you buy this lottery ticket, you'll win a billion dollars. It costs you..." Oh, sorry. "It costs you $1 million and you've got a week to come up with that money." Well, and it was guaranteed. Like, I know it's a hypothetical scenario, but, like, if it was genuinely the truth, then you'd be like, like if God Himself told you that or whatever, like, I don't know, whoever you believe in, then you'd, you'd go and raise a million dollars. You'd do whatever you could. You'd make calls. You'd, you'd do everything in your power to get a million dollars. And you might be like, "Oh, I don't know if I could come up with a million dollars," but you'd, you'd bloody well try. You know, that's my point. Like, people will buy things that th- they think they're gonna work. Or people will at least try to buy things they think are gonna work. So here's the point. 90% of business owners that you speak with can't afford your services. This is the truth. They all have the money in the bank to pay an extra 2 to 5K per month in marketing, even more than this sometimes. If they don't buy because they can't afford it, it's purely because they aren't willing to risk it, meaning they haven't properly ... Meaning they haven't bought because they don't have the money, but because you haven't done your job properly. This is a hard pill to swallow. But if someone says they can't afford it, it's not because they haven't got the money, it's because they can't afford to risk that money and they're not certain that the risk is worth the reward. And this is the harsh truth that you must face if you want to smash price objections. Once you face this truth, you'll realize that nine times out of ten, you're not trying to overcome their financial situation. It's just a doubt they've tied to you, your product, and your company. So the reason people object to price is price is like a scapegoat, but they don't actually, not actually necessarily objecting to the price, but they're objecting to the risk. And you're not trying to overcome any specific financial situation they have. Sometimes that'll be the case, but most of the time, you're just trying to overcome the doubt that they've tied. You know, people are very... People like their money and people will put their money into products they think are worthwhile. You know, I- you, your prospects probably buy shit all the time. They've probably got the money sitting in their bank that they could invest, but they've just got doubt because you probably haven't done your job properly. Now, I'm not, I'm not insulting you, but I'm just saying that if you keep finding that people are objecting to price, then it's because of this reason. It's not because your market hasn't got any money. The law of value. People associate price with value. If they don't buy because they can't afford it, it's because they can't afford to invest their money in something they don't see value in. People derive associated value from something helping them solve a painful problem or getting them a specific desire. This is why it's imperative you tie your service to the outcome and don't focus on features. Simply put, the easiest way to overcome a price-related objection is to prevent it. Prevent it by following the damn script and use the techniques we've explored in previous videos. So, thi- this is just... This is a crazy point. Like, if someone doesn't buy from you, it's not because they haven't got the money in their bank account to buy, it's because... It's not because... If someone's saying they can't afford it, th- they're not saying they haven't got the money, they're just saying that they can't, like, afford to not have the value. I know that I'm stuttering over my words here, but I can't really keep it any simpler than this. Um, you know, if someone doesn't think that you can solve the problem, then they're never gonna pay you. So they'll just say they can't afford it. Like, e- I'm not saying that... I know I keep repeating myself here, but if they say they haven't got the money, they're just saying they haven't got the money for that. You know, it's like the whole time thing. "I haven't got the time to, to do that." It's like, yeah, just 'cause you'd rather do something else. So if they do not have the money. If someone... And this is the truth. Like, if someone genuinely cannot afford to work with you, then first try to overcome the objection, right? So if someone actually hasn't got the money, like, if someone gives you a price-related objection, you need to realize that it's usually gonna be because of what we just covered here. Um, but if they don't have the money, then, you know, they do not have the funds, then just tell them it's not a good fit, right? And that they can reach back out when they have the money. Don't start making exceptions and ex- and introducing crazy payment plans un- unless you're just getting started, then you should take whatever you get. But, like, my point here is don't, don't make these ridiculous exceptions to take people on at 25% of the usual price and, and slashing prices or taking people on on the premise that they'll pay you when they make money. They're gonna be nightmare clients. So remember, we're selling on the fit. Now, while we must be the right fit for the prospect, they must be the right fit for us too. So you're fully within your right to say to people that you don't want to work with them. If someone, if someone keep. If someone's like, "Yeah, well, how about we do this? Like, I'll pay you 25% and then I'll pay you for every lead you generate me." And if that's not your deal, if that's not your offer, then you just say no. Okay, if that's, if that's really, if that's the only way you're gonna move forward with me, then we're not moving forward at all. And you just be firm, you just put your foot down. You don't wanna start making all these exceptions. Now, it's different. If you're just getting started, if you're client-less and haven't got any money in the bank, then you should take whatever you can get. You want to be strict, you want to negotiate hard. But at the same time, you're not gonna... If someone says, "Well, listen, let me just, let me pay you 50% for the first month and if it starts working, I'll pay you the rest," then maybe you wanna be okay with that. But for the most part, for those of you that have some clients already and have some cash in the bank, then don't make exceptions. We did this with Northflow a lot where we started getting people on board for, for crazy long-term payment plans. For example, with Imperium, when we just started, um, as of me recording this video, the program's been live for about a week or so now. Like, we, we took people on board for, for longer payment plans.

... that we were fine with that because we just wanted clients on board, we wanted cash in the bank, we wanted people on board, testimonials coming in, um, referrals coming in, and we're getting that now. We haven't even been live for a bloody week and a half yet and we're already getting people to do that. So, you know, we were happy to be flexible. But now the program's pretty much built and finished, we're gonna get very specific and very set in stone. You know, if you've got enough clients to warrant that and enough cash and, you know, if they don't have the money then you just say, "Okay, that's fine." Like if they genuinely cannot afford to work with you, and you get to the bottom of it and you find out it's just because they haven't got the resources to invest, then you just say, "That's fine." Because they will be a nightmare of a client, okay, honestly. So here's another thing: don't use the excuse, "He wasn't motivated enough." So often I see this, like if someone... if you can't overcome a price-related objection, um, a lot of the time it's b- y- you might think, "Oh, well, he just wasn't motivated." I've had this t- to happen to me. Like if I- if you- i- if it feels like I'm being harsh here, I'm sort of preaching to you about this stuff, it's all coming from a place of love because, like, I- I- I h- I had all this the wrong way around. So if someone didn't buy from me, like if- if I couldn't overcome their price objection, if they were like, "I can't afford it," and I was like, "Oh yeah, well, it's... Y- yeah, he just wasn't motivated to buy," then you've got to realize this: Their motivation is your responsibility. Do not hope for motivated prospects, just hope for prospects that are motivatable. Now, that's not a word, but my point here is that if- you can't use someone's desire or motivation as an excuse to not close them. Many prospects you speak to will have preconceived doubts, an apparent lack of desire, and a poor attitude to growth. It's your job to take responsibility for their decision and get them out of these doubts, comforts, and apathetic feelings. So you might be wondering, well, how is this related to overcoming the price objection? And it's related to it in the respect that a lot of people give up on the price objection and feel like they can't overcome it because the prospect isn't motivated or doesn't have the desire or has a poor attitude, when in reality, the best salespeople take full responsibility for these things in the prospect. So, no excuses. If you're... Okay, this is, this is something that I should have actually said ages ago and it's only just come to me, if the call doesn't close, then there should be two reasons, or two, two things to, to sort of blame, right? The first one should be the fit, like if it genuinely isn't a good fit for them, then the call shouldn't close. But if it is a good fit for them and it doesn't close, then it's always your fault. Okay, I don't want anyone in this program blaming the prospect for, for not closing d- if, if they can't close deals. If you can't close someone, it isn't... it is n- it is not their fault, it is your fault. The sooner you take responsibility for this shit, the sooner you get what you want. Okay? I- I'm not gonna dive too far into it, but responso- the, the, the association between... and the relationship between responsibility and progress is, is, like, written in the stars. It's, it's, it's kind of insurmountable, it's just that they are two and of the same. But, like, if you get off your... if you get into the habit of leaving calls and you start thinking, "Oh, it was his fault," or, "It was this objection," or, "Yeah, I knew that wasn't gonna close because of this," then you're gonna lose. Okay? So you must take responsibility. If you keep coming away from calls saying, "Ah, yeah, well, he was... I... it was just, you know, I didn't close that, but it's just because he was, you know, he wasn't motivated to buy," then you're just... you're, you're removing all control of the situation. Like, progress is defined as gaining control over the environment. That was, that was, um, defined by a hist- historian called Will Durant. I think it's probably the most accurate definition of progress that we could possibly muster up in humanity. Like, it's just gaining control. Like, his whole point in history is that, like, over history, like, the reason that we can say we've made progress as a species is because we've gained control over our environment. With, like, water, electricity, like, we've gained control over the elements and over environment, so we've made progress. And if you want to make progress, like, well, what's the opposite of progress? It's regression. And the easiest way to regress is to blame someone else. Because, like, if you want to take control, like if, if m- if, if progress is controlling your environment, then the easiest way to stop making progress is to blame something for your situation. Because as soon as you blame something, you remove control of that thing, so you're not taking responsibility. So taking respon- a- basically, in short, I know I went off on a bit of tangent there, but taking responsibility is the most important thing to progressing and to making sales. So, all of these things, their desire, their attitude, their, their motivation, their decision, their whole decision is your responsibility. Like, if you can't see that and if you can't accept that, then you're never gonna win. If, if, if, if a prospect says no, then it might be fine because it's not a good fit, like, you should be fine with that. Like, if they, if they, if they have no money, right, and they actually have, like, $0 to their name and they don't buy, then that's not your fault. Okay? That's, that's fine, it's just not a good fit. But if they do have the money and if, if you just messed the call up and you've, you've sort of, you've sort of, um... what's the word? You've, um, sedated yourself with some sort of excuse, then it's just never gonna work for you, so don't do that. So I wanna give you some advanced price positioning and negotiation strategies here. Um, I've got a really good method and you'll, you'll hear this a lot on the examples that I've given you. Um, all the examples, like, pr- all the example objection handling things we've got pretty much start when I introduce the price, because that's when the objections begin, right? Um, but I wanna give you an advanced technique here for price positioning, which is really cool. Um, so this is a cool technique that you can use to position your price beyond what we've already taught. And this is more of a preventative measure of price, it just gives you s- like a, a weapon for negotiation, because most price-related objections are actually just negotiations or someone trying to negotiate. Um, so here's how it works. So when you get to the point in the call when the prospect asks how much, you give them the incentive-based pricing pitch. But instead of saying, "It's, like, a monthly fee," you sell a 90 or 120-day package.And it's upfront and that's how it works, it's an upfront payment. So here's an example, let me, let me explain. So if the prospect says, "Well, how much is it?" Or, "What's the cost?" then this is an advanced strategy you can use. So I'd say, "Well, we work in 90-day intervals and our fee for building this and managing it for you over the next 90 days is $7,000. However, what we found over the past few years of doing this is that people who make quick decisions always turn out to be the best clients for us and we get them the best results. So for those reasons we have something called incentive-based pricing where if you make a decision to move forward on the call with me today, we'll knock $2,500 off the investment and it's just $4,500 and it's a one-off fee." And then you shut up. And then you be quiet and you, you, you sort of, you go through the call, um, and then if they object to the price then you can say something like this. If they say, "Well, 4,500 bucks a month upfront, I, I can't do that right now." And we'd say, "Okay, well, the last thing I want is for money to be the thing that stands in the way of you getting what you really want. So we can break up that payment if it would make things easier and more digestible for you." And they'll be like, "Yes, please." And then you can negotiate down to your original and desired price of $1,500 a month to be paid every 30 days. And this is basically called a concession. So our objective is to get them to pay a retainer, right? We want them to pay 1,500 bucks per month. But if we start off the negotiation by saying it's all paid upfront, then when they ask, like, if they cannot pay it upfront, then we say, "Oh, well, is, if that's the main thing that's going to stop you from coming on board, then I don't want that to happen. It's too good of a fit for me to pass up. So if you want, you can pay it over three months. You can pay it every 30 days. Would that be okay?" And then they'll be like, "Yeah." And then it's like, it's kinda cool because this way the prospect feels you've done them a favor. And it's a great weapon to have in case they object to price. You know, it just allows you to knock the wind out of their objection and make it far more reasonable. Because, you know, if you say 4,500 upfront, some business owners will be fine with that, some will be like, "I haven't got that money." And then you can just use it as leverage and you can say, "Well, I totally understand. Um, do you want to explore some options on how we could make this work for you?" And they'll be like, "Yeah." And then you'll be like, "Well, I mean, if, if you really want, um, we wouldn't do this very often, but if it, if it's the only way to get you on board here, then you can pay it monthly. How does that sound?" And they'll be like, "Oh, that, that'd be really helpful actually. That, I, I really appreciate that. Thank you." And then it's like awesome because, you know, then you can just get, you can use this to close them. So it's called a concession. Basically, long story short, you start off by positioning it as, as a one-off payment bundled up into a 90-day package, which they would basically, you charge them every 90 days. We sort of understand they're gonna object to this, so then we just have this sort of backup. Because if you just say it's 1,500 and they object to price, then there's not really much you can do to go below that, 'cause that's your lowest price, you've sort of come in at your lowest offer. So if someone tries to negotiate with you on price, you never want to drop your price, but you can always change around the amount of time they pay it over But if you're doing an agency and you're doing a retainer, then you can't because they can't really pay it in anything less than monthly installments because that's just the deal. Um, and if someone objects, they, or someone starts negotiating, they want to get something out of you, so you know, you want to try and try and do this as best you can. And then you can always take this further and say something like this, um, so if you say, "Look, you know, we'll break it into installments of $1,500" um, and we'll roll that out and then beyond 90 days you can continue to roll that out. Um, but you can take it further and say, "And with that cost, I'm absolutely certain that you can make way more than $1,500 back in the first month. So I'm happy to extend this offer to you knowing that it'll work and that if it doesn't work, you won't have the money to keep paying me." This is a cool little statement because it makes the prospect understand a logical mode of thinking that you operate in, um, where basically like they realize that if they're not making money working with you, then they're not, you know, you're not expecting them to pay you. Which isn't necessarily true, but like you can just say to them, "Look, I'm happy for you to pay it over three months because I know that if I don't make you the money back, then you're not gonna be able to afford to pay me. So I'm, I, I know this works really, really damn well and I know it's gonna work regardless of, of how you pay me, so let's just do this and, you know, on the premise that as long as it's working, I'm gonna get paid. How does that sound?" And they'll be like, "Yeah, that's fine. And what you'll find in doing this method here is that if they decide to go ahead and pay in full, then you can let them. You know, I've, I've had it before where we were selling retainers and we've just, we've taken upfront payments. Like clients have just paid us like five grand upfront for like a 90-day marketing package. You know, two-week setup, standard funnels, ads, and then it's just, they'll just pay upfront. So, you know, you can try aiming high on these calls. Like, it'll work. Like there are marketing agencies that, out there that charge four grand a month for retainers in all sorts of niches. Like, and, and they land clients consistently. Remember, price is associated with, um, with value as well. So like if someone, if, if you charge a hundred bucks a month, people are gonna think your service is shit. If you charge 10,000 bucks a month, they'll think it's absolutely ridiculous and incredible. Like they'll think it's a ridiculous price, but they'll also think, "God, if he's charging 10,000 bucks a month for it, you know, and other people are paying that, then it must be worth something." You know, it's, it's the same thing, it's like, you know, when you look at, if, if, if I told you, if I told you that my car cost $200,000 you, you'd just assume it's a good car. When in reality, like, it could just be like a, some sort of, you know, crap car that I've overpaid for, but you don't know that because you're just going off of the price alone. So, you know, you wanna be careful with that pre-call, like you don't wanna obviously give away price at all until they ask Um, but nonetheless, this is a really good strategy you can use. It's called a concession. Um, you, you start high and then they'll object to it and then you sort of break it down for them. It looks like you've done them a favor, it gets you what you really want and, um, you can leverage it to close them. Okay? So that's overcoming the price objection. Um, like I said, no, no specific rebuttals here, but it's more just around this mindset stuff. Like honestly, like the, the best way to, to overcome the price objection is to just do the call well... and to just pin, you know, just to position yourself as the bridge they can use to, to traverse the gap, and they'll pay you. Like honestly, you don't need any fancy price rebuttal. Like, if you keep finding that the prospects keep, like, objecting to the price, then it's just- it's not because they can't afford it, it's, it's just because you're not doing the call properly, okay? Like, it's- that's all it is. So that's that. So now let's talk about what to do if you can't overcome an objection, because sometimes this is gonna happen, you know, where you can't close them for the life of you, um, and, you know, well, what do you do? Like how do you, how do you assure that it potentially does close in the future? So if you can't overcome an objection, then this is what you do. So first of all, you don't want to use it as an excuse, right? So you want to do your best to conquer their objections and try your best to not give in. So honestly, like, I, I just, I'm at the point now where I'll just keep going until the prospect either hangs up or is like, "Look, Charlie, I'm, I'm not buying from you." I'm like, "Fine, that's fine." I respect their no, I just don't want a maybe. So first of all, do your best. Do not just use what I'm going to tell you here to, to sort of sedate the pain. Like, you must continue to relo- relentlessly pursue the close if you think it's a good fit. But anyway, understand that if your prospect doesn't buy on the call, the chances of them closing on a follow-up call are extremely slim, okay? If they're not gonna close now, they're probably not gonna close at all. Looking back over all the calls I've done, rarely did a follow-up convert. This is why you must adopt a strict philosophy and stick to your guns. If they try to walk all over you and get out of incentive-based pricing, then just say no. And this is also why it's important for you personally to make quick decisions in your own life, because once you start adopting the philosophy of quick decisions, you can truly expect other people to do the same, and otherwise you'll just feel uncomfortable doing it. And when you scale to 30 plus calls a week, which is gonna happen if you use the methods in this program, like when you scale to that point, you must realize that follow-ups cost you more money to do than fresh calls. Like most people, they, they, they approach sales from a position of scarcity. They're like, "Oh, I don't wanna object- I don't wanna counter the objections too hard, I want to schedule the follow-up call 'cause I'm afraid of losing the sale." But honestly, follow-ups, if you're, if you're at a point of abundance, which you will be in this program, follow-ups will cost you more money than fresh calls will. And I can explain this because you should be happy cutting off a few grand off your price if it means you get the opportunity to close a new client. So let, let me explain, because that might sound a bit confusing. So here's you and your calendar, right? And you've got a finite availability for calls. Now as you scale, it's different, but you've got like a certain amount of calls you can actually conduct, and blue dots represent new calls. So using the methods we teach in this program, what you'll find is you don't have any availability for calls. Like you might have some of course, but like for the most part your calendar should be relatively packed out and you won't have any more availability week by week. Like it will be dynamic, like you'll get new calls booked in week by week, but you really just want your, your calendar to be filled up with new calls This could be 25 new calls, for example. So what happens if they all become follow-ups for next week? So let's say this week you conduct 25 new calls, none of them close, and all of them want a follow-up call for next week. Well, they turn red, and then you've got 25 follow-up calls scheduled in your calendar for next week, and you'll notice here that there's no room for fresh calls since all you have scheduled in is follow-ups. And this is why we want a clear-cut decision on the call. It costs us more to do a follow-up call than it does to leverage a financial incentive for them to buy now. Okay, so this, this is a really clear diagram. Like you've got, you've got your new calls here, you've got your fresh calls, but then if they all have a follow-up, like if you don't get them closed on the first call and they're all like, "Yeah, well call me back next week," or, "Let's get a follow-up call scheduled in," then before you know it, you've got no availability to do new calls and you can't keep your pipeline flowing. And then before y- it'll be like they'll want like two calls or they'll want three calls and they'll be like, "Yeah, call me back in two weeks," or it's just an absolute mess. Like we want yes or no clear-cut decisions, because a- anything other than that is just gonna cost us money, and I'm not even joking. So remember that our philosophy in objection handling, um, sales is that no yes equals no So if, if they don't say yes explicitly, if they say maybe, then to us it's a no. Fence-sitting simply will not do, and we will not allow the prospect to sit in the maybe zone. A no is fine, but a maybe we will not accept. However, here's how to deal with something who ... h- here's how to deal with someone who is adamant they won't decide now. So there's three options. Well, they're all kind of similar, but here's what I do. So if someone's in the maybe zone and they want to think about it, and you can't overcome that objection, then number one is get a refundable deposit paid so that they've given some commitment. Tell them it's refundable if they change their mind by a certain date and hop on a call with you, so you'd get a specific time and date for a decision. So I usually only give 24 hours. Like if someone wanted to think about it, I just say, "Okay, well listen, let's, let's call this time tomorrow. If you can have a yes from me by then, we'll go ahead. If, if not, then I'll just assume it's a no. And I'll, you know, for that, to hold the incentive based pricing, I need a small deposit of $100. I'll refund that to you if you decide it's a no. Is that okay with you?" And then if they say, "No, I'm not paying a deposit," then I say, "Okay, well I see- I can, I can see where your motivation lies, so let's just put this thing to bed. Like man up and just say no, for God's sake, like (laughs) y- you know, just ... I wouldn't be that direct, but that's how it works. Number two, if they want to speak with a partner, get a card on file for a deposit to show commitment, then schedule a follow-up call with them and their partner. Make it clear that they can only get that refund on the call and that they have to ha- if they want to have the deposit refunded, it has to be on the follow-up call, not via email. So they can't just email you and be like, "I don't want to go ahead." They have to talk to you, because when you speak with them and their partner, just simply ask what questions they have and answer the questions and do nothing else. So if you have a follow-up call with someone and their business partner, first of all you shouldn't have those because you should have pre-qualified them to find out that their business partner was on the call. But if for any reason they do want the follow-up call, then the way you should conduct those calls is not to go through the whole s- session again, it's just to basically say, "Okay, um, Steve, um, I understand that John, um, has told you a bit about what we do, so I'm really just here to answer any questions you guys have." And then you just sort of let them ask questions, and then you just answer the questions. And then if they say, "Okay, um, can we have some more time to think about it?" I'm like, "Look, I haven't got, you know, any availability for, for follow-up calls. Like if you guys want to go for it, awesome. Like if, you know, I've just spent some time answering your questions, if you don't want to go ahead, then that's fine, but like, you know, I can't afford to give you more t-" I, I say this, like honestly on calls I'm like, "Look, I can't... I'd rather give you a discount and give you an incentive to buy now, because if I, if I have a follow-up call scheduled with you, then that's, that's a, that's a slot that's going to be taken away from a potential new customer that might buy on the first call. So I actually can't really afford to have another follow-up call with you. So it needs to be a decision now. I don't mind you guys saying no, like I'm, I'm fine with that, I'd love to have you on board, but I can't afford to keep doing these back and forth calls and these back and forth emails, so I'm sure you can respect that, so can we get started?" And then you just ask, and if they say no then you refund them the deposit and then that's it, it's like a clear-cut decision And if they want to think about it, number three here, if they want to think about it, then you have two options. So number one, if you don't have many calls, then schedule a follow-up call with them for an exact time or date so you can say, "Okay, well if you..." you know, you don't want to just give in to this, you want to really like dig your heels in and try and overcome the objection. Um, but like if, if you can't overcome it, then you just say, "Okay, well listen, let's get a, let's get a time scheduled in for a call." And they'll be like, "Yeah, okay. Well, let's do it on Tues

... day at 3:00 PM. Ideally, the closer, the better. Like, I'd try and get it for tomorrow. Um, that's that. But number two, I'd- I do this, right? Well, you know, well, me and Bo do this. Um, number two, they want to think about it, is I'll just add them on Facebook or connect with them on LinkedIn, and then I'll send them a payment link and say they have 24 hours to fill it out and come on board at the incentive-based price. So I say, "Look, I understand you want to think about it. Um, to me, a maybe is a no, so I'm gonna log this as a no. Um, but if you think there's a chance you want to come on board, then what I'm gonna do is send you a link to make the payment, and if you fill that out within the next 24 hours, then I'll accept you on board at the incentive-based price. Now, I don't want to sound like a dick, and I don't want to sound like I'm, you know, indifferent as to whether or not you come on board, because truth be told, I'd love to, but if I can't convince you to come on board now, then I don't think a, a follow-up call is, is really gonna do much good for you. So you know, think it over in your own time. I'll give you 24 hours. Um, yeah. I'll talk to you soon." And then, like, you know, if they do it, they do it. If they don't, they don't. And that's fine. That's honestly- that's honestly what we do. Right? We might say it a li- (laughs) little bit more gently than that, um, with- with less negativity. You know, we wouldn't say, "I don't think, you know, you're gonna come on board." We'd say, "Look, I think this is an incredible fit, and you know, if you need some- if you need 24 hours to think about it, then I'm- I'm with you all the way. Let me send you a payment link, um, via email. I'll add you on Facebook as well. And then if you can make a decision within the next 24 hours, then you can come on board. How does that sound?" They'll be like, "Yeah, okay." They probably won't buy, but honestly, that's how we do it. And if someone doesn't trust you enough to pay a refundable deposit, then chances are, they're never gonna trust you to pay the full amount. That's the truth. So if someone doesn't trust you enough to pay a deposit, then just tell them the following. I'd say, "Well, John, I'm glad we spoke here, but to me, a maybe is a no. Fence-sitting doesn't do either of us any good, so let's just put this matter to bed. Are you in or out?" And if they say out, that's fine. You know, if they want to come on board in the future, then just tell them that it'll be at the full price. And mean it. If someone comes crawling back to you three months later and they're like, "Oh, yeah, I- I wanna come on board. Um, yeah, you said it was- it was 5,000 if I- if I bought then, or 8,000 if I didn't. Can I come on board at 5,000?" Then I'd just be like, "No." Like, have integrities, man. Like, you can't- you can't, like, use incentive-based pricing if you keep making these exceptions. Like, you need to mean it. And if someone wants to come on board later, and they- y- and they're like, "Oh, well, I'm not gonna buy from you then," don't think, "Oh, shit, I've missed out on the opportunity to just make a good five grand." Just think, you know, "I haven't sold my bloody integrity." (laughs) Honestly. So you know, it's this- it w- like, with- with a- with a set-up fee, incentive, ex- for example, like, we're- we're not just putting that in as a sales strategy. Like, we're actually meaning it. So if someone does want to come on board a week from now, then we're gonna charge them the set-up fee. And if that means they don't want to come on board, then we'll just say, "Okay, well, don't come on board, then." Because otherwise, you're gonna be selling to people, and you're gonna- you're gonna ha- in the back of your mind, you're gonna have the idea that you can keep making these exceptions, and that people will just come on board in the week from now And then before you know it, you've completely scrapped the incentive-based pricing thing, and you're- you're back to the- the bad ways. So have some integrity. Be respectful as well, when you do all this stuff. So when we talk about objection handling, you want to be respectful. Remember, the stuff that underpins it, we want to be calm, we want to be patient, we want to be understanding, we want to be empathetic. We don't want to be hostile or aggressive. And the other thing is we need ask difficult questions. So the nature of sales is that we're gonna have to ask some difficult questions. When it comes to objections, we're gonna have to ask difficult questions. We're gonna have to make people uncomfortable. And you have to be fine with that. But we're not asking difficult questions to be rude to them or aggressive. We're asking them because, well, we need to actually, like, make them realize the truth. So that's my philosophy for objection handling. Um, and that's pretty much everything that I know. And all of this training and all of these- all of this knowledge has served me incredibly well, um, and honestly, like, we've- uh, we've- we've closed over 300 clients with this stuff, both for done-for-you and for program-based material. So i- ruthlessly powerful training here. Um, I hope it helps you. The key thing here is just to remember to write it all yourself and, you know, use what you've learned and take some serious thought into each objection, and just come up with your own rebuttals and test them and- and prove them. And your objection here... Sorry, (laughs) objection, pun not intended. Your objective here should be to, um, develop y- like, a- a complete, like, vault of rebuttals that's just like, it's like an arsenal. It's like a- it's like a weapon, like a complete cache, if that makes sense. Cache, whatever you call it, weapon cache. And, um, and you can go in there and just pull out the weapon that you need for the specific task at hand. It's like a toolbox, you know? And you can just, yeah, okay, right, we need this tool. Let's use this objection, let's use this, uh, rebuttal. And then you pull it out, and then you overcome their objection, and then they ask another one, and then you just- you just keep repeating through that cycle. So that's the- that's the end game here. Um, and it's gonna take a long time for you to get there, and it's gonna be difficult And handling objections is a hard thing to do. Like, it's- it's easy to do once you know how, but the- the road to being successful with it is- is quite difficult, and it's- the road is paved with, you know, the blood of loads of agency owners that haven't been able to stomach this stuff. So you've gotta be firm. You've gotta be tough. You've gotta have some- some serious, um, balls. Like, and I don't mean that in like a, you know, you don't have to be a guy with handle objections at all. I'm not saying that. But you need to have some- some- some guts to you. You need to have a stomach for this, because if you don't, then you're never, ever, ever gonna make sales. So that's everything for today's training video. Uh, we've covered a lot of ground in the past few videos, and don't forget this stuff, you know, just because- don't just have this- this PDF here and just think that's all you need to succeed. Like, everything that I've talked about in the past two videos, uh, this one and the last one, of course, has been potently powerful. So I hope you've enjoyed watching this, and I hope it's useful for you. So I'll see you in the next video. Take care