# 4.7. Oscillations Of Doubt

(instrumental music plays) Hey, everyone. Charlie Morgan here, and welcome to this training video. Uh, this one's called The Oscillation of Doubt and Emotional Management. And the purpose of this video is really just to give you some ideas to keep your emotions in check, um, and to keep your mind under control as you go through sales. Um, the nature of sales is that it's, it's a very bumpy ride, okay? If you want to become a good salesperson, you're gonna have to go through a lot of what we would call turbulence, um, and by that I mean ups and downs. You're gonna go on winning streaks, you're gonna go on losing streaks. Um, you're gonna go on very long losing streaks. You're gonna have a lot of back-to-back nos, a lot of back-to-back yeses. And if you're not careful, you're gonna get completely swept up in, i- in this sort of rollercoaster ride that sales is. And it's just gonna create a lot of havoc for you, because you're not gonna be able to have the skills to actually manage the emotions associated with the highs and lows of sales. Um, and by the end of this video, you're gonna have everything you need to just keep a level head and just to keep a, a cl- just to objectively see what's actually happening. Um, because the reason most salespeople fail, or the reason most salespeople go on these prolonged losing streaks or whatever, is because they just lose control of their emotions. And you really can have the best script in the world, you can have the best, um, training. You can have ... You've got all, you've got all of that in this program, um, but if you can't keep your own mind in check, then nothing's gonna work for you. It's, it's just like everything in business. You can have the strategies but if you, if you don't really have the emotional discipline to consistently execute on them, um, and you're sort of swept away with, with all the ups and downs and everything, you're gonna be in a lot of trouble. So, this video is gonna be very useful for you. Um, just because you've already got the script and the objection handling stuff, you are ready to start selling. At this point in the training you should have calls and you should start closing clients. Um, but as, as we do this, one ... You know, we, we solve one problem to open up another, and the, the problem that comes when you start making sales and having people reject you, is the emotional state that you're gonna tie to that. So, really, really important video here, and let's get started. So, here's what we're going to cover in this video. So first of all, we're gonna talk about what the oscillation of doubt actually is, and why it exists. And then we're gonna talk about the greatest weapon you can have in sales. Um, and this is, this is ... I know we've given you a lot of techniques or quote/unquote weapons here, um, but this, this weapon, it's, it's the most overlooked, okay, and it's widely disregarded. People don't really think too much about it. Then we're gonna talk about sales Armageddon, um, and I'm gonna walk you three, walk you through three reasons, um, for the day of reckoning in sales. And basically, there's, there's three reasons why salespeople like kind of are wiped out, um, and go extinct, and if you can understand them, then you'll probably not fall prey to them, um, or you're less likely to. So we'll talk about that. Then we're gonna talk about tracking your performance, uh, solution f- solutions for sales Armageddon, and also the oscillation of doubt. Um, and then I'm also gonna give you some practical tips for emotional management. So I'm actually gonna give you, um, eight different things that you can do in your day-to-day life to actually reduce the, the sort of turbulent nature of your emotions and control them. Um, and really, with emotions, uh, honestly, it's same as everything here, like Erasmian philosophy again, prevention is just better than cure. Like if you can, if you can, uh, change your routine and change your life, and your actions and your behaviors, so that you're less likely to experience long emotions and, uh, big emotional draw-outs and stuff, um, then you're really not gonna suffer. You won't struggle. Like, the ... Honestly, the root of all failure in sales is emotion. It's never to do with the script. I mean, obviously you need to have the right script. If you don't have the right script, then there's nothing that's gonna help you. But, uh, at the point you're at now, the only reason that you will fail is if you can't keep your mind in check, and if you can't keep your emotions just steady and if you can't keep a level head. So, let's get started by talking about this. And that is, what the oscillation of doubt is. So, what is the oscillation of doubt and why does it actually exist? Like, what is this thing, why is it here, and, like, where did it come from? So, the oscillation of doubt is the rhythm of the mood that salesmen operate between, from a feeling of unwavering confidence to a feeling of utter fear and panic. Okay? If you've, if you've been in a sales situation or, you know, you've been in a sales situation for a, for a lengthy period of time, a few weeks, a few months, whatever, you'll notice in yourself, you have these emotions, and you go from feeling extremely confident to extremely doubtful. And you'll go from feeling extremely optimistic to extremely pessimistic. And you'll, you'll sort of, you know, you'll, um, you'll oscillate between these two sort of poles of doubt and confidence. Um, and it's, it's entirely natural. Everyone goes through this, right? You know, all salespeople experience these ups and downs, and the ups and downs they experience are directly tied to the amount of calls they've closed or the amount of nos they've experienced or their actual experiences on the calls they're doing. Um, and it's totally normal. And I've drawn this quick, um, diagram here to sort of demonstrate how this works so you can actually picture it, um, 'cause it's difficult to picture emotions. Um, but what we have along the bottom here is time, and then along the side we have confidence. So really, the, the main sort of emotion that you'll be feeling is confidence and doubt. Like, those are the ... And you, you know, you'll be feeling confidence in yourself and your ability to close and your script and your offer and your guarantee and everything that comes with your business. Um, and then, the other thing, uh, the other side of that is you'll feel doubt, and you'll feel doubt about those things if, if it's not going. Now generally speaking, before I understood all of this stuff, uh-... the, the main thing that dictated the quality of my existence, i.e. my mood, was the amount of sales I was making. And that was quite a sad truth. Um, and I just didn't really realize what was actually going on and I, I never really did anything to try and fix it. But it was just constant. Like, if I was having a good sales week, I was in a great mood. If I was having a bad sales week, I was in a bad mood. And my girlfriend at the time and my family, they didn't, you know, they were like, "Oh, shit. We're not gonna hang out with Charlie 'cause, you know, he's, he's closed no deals this week. Like, he's gonna be a nightmare." Or it's like, "Oh, Charlie's closed deals this week, let's go to the pub, let's go..." You know, it's like, it just, it played me and it was just following me everywhere I went, like I couldn't seem to shake these emotions off. And, and the same thing will happen to you if you don't pay attention here. But this is how it works, all right. So you have this sort of baseline in the middle, which is really the average, um, and then you have this blue line which is basically the trend of your mood. And you'll see it, it oscillates up, um, you know, over here, um, where we go up in confidence, and then we sort of reach this peak, and then we go down in confidence. And the interesting thing about this is when I experience this in myself, I would always oscillate up to a certain point of confidence and a certain point of doubt. So I'd never go beyond a certain level of confidence, I'd never go beyond a certain level of doubt. This, this sort of pattern of existence became very predictable and I could sort of, I could notice, like I could, like I c- I, I brought my attention to this and I could notice that I would get to this sort of like, you know, the, the peak of the rollercoaster before you go over the edge, if that makes sense. And then I'd sort of just watch myself fall down. And even though I recognized this, I couldn't do anything about it, um, until I learned what I'm gonna teach you today. And, you know, this is what I used to think. I, I'd, I'd sort of go on a little bit of a winning streak, maybe close a few clients in a row, and then I'd start to think to myself, I'd be like, "Yeah, I'm an absolute beast. You know, it's time to start looking at Lamborghinis." You know, and before you know it, you're pulling up, um, a- in the UK, we have something called Auto Trader, which is a, um, it, it's like a, an app or a website you can use to trade cars. And I'd be on there looking at, like, Ferraris and Lamborghinis and nice Mercedes and everything. And, and then I'd have another tab open for, like, penthouse flats everywhere that I wanted to live and looking at villas to buy. You know, and I'd be in this, this just complete state of confidence And then lo and behold, a few days later, if not a week later, I'd be, like, completely beside myself with fear. Like, I'd, I'd have, I'd go back on a losing streak and I'd be, I'd be in this, a, a complete fit of panic. I'd be like, "No more restaurants." You know, this was, this was something that I noticed in myself, is if I, if I was on a winning streak, I'd, I'd do all that stuff where I'd start researching things that I wanted to buy, (laughs) um, that I desired. And then if I went on a losing streak, I, I just would stop eating out. So here I was eating out a lot, and here I wasn't eating out a lot. And it's the same thing, I was like, "Oh, I need to save my money, I need to pay myself less this month, I need to, you know, rain in the horns, I need to focus on the clients I've got." And, you know, and I started panicking. And then a few days later, I'd be back up the top again, (laughs) you know. I'd, I'd go back and, you know, I'd, I'd go and look at Lamborghinis and nice houses and everything, and watches. And then a few days after that, I'd be back down here, and I, I couldn't for the life of me figure this thing out. I was just like, "I'm up and I'm down, I'm up and I'm down." You know, it's like, it was just a nightmare to live through. It was just a, a complete ... I mean, it was a disaster, really. It was my existence for, for quite a long time. And this is the sad emotional existence of most salespeople. And I say salespeople, but just agency owners in general. You know, like their, the, the belief they have in their business is directly tied to the amount of clients they're able to sign up. And, like, you, it's just a, it's not a very, um ... I mean, it's a, it's a pretty good indication of how successful you are as a company, but it, it's not a very accurate representation of the whole, especially in a short period of time But we'll break it down here. And, you know, most agency owners and salespeople live in a constant state of boom and bust. You know, there's this just up and down, up and down. It's just all over the place. (laughs) So, why does this happen? Like, why do we experience this, this sort of up and down nature? Why do we oscillate between extreme confidence and extreme doubt? Like, w- w- what, what's actually going on here? Well, we can answer this question by looking into a principle, or by looking to a principle in statistics called regression to the mean. So it's been my observation that if you really want to understand something, then you can actually go to statistics and the numbers, um, because the numbers, th- there's, there's no ... you can't really understand something if you're all emotional about it. Like, I was looking at this thing all emotional, um, and it wasn't until I came across, um, something in statistics called regression to the mean that I, I really figured this thing out and it really sort of struck a chord with me. So I want you to imagine for a second here, um, I'm gonna break down this principle. It's very simple. Don't worry if it sounds complicated. Um, but imagine that you've got a coin, okay? So the example I've got here is a, is a pound from, from the UK, um, but a dollar, whatever, like, you know, you've got a coin, okay? And it's a, it's an even coin, you know. It's got 50/50 odds of landing heads or tails, it's just like a normal coin. And, you know, if you were to flip this coin, then 50% of the time, it would land on heads and 50% of the time, it would land on tails And, you know, if you flipped it 100 times, you'd probably find that you've got, like, 50 on heads, 50 on tails. Might not, it could be like 48 on heads, 42 on tails, but it will, eventually it'll average out to, to 50/50. And if you flip this coin, you can expect 50/50 odds, meaning it has a 50% chance of landing on heads or tails. So you might be wondering, "Well, what the hell? Does this have to do with anything?" But let me explain. So a coin, an unbiased coin, has a 50/50 chance of landing on heads or tails, and most people expect the odds from a coin flip to be distributed evenly. So 50/50 odds, most human beings will just assume that that means it'll go, like they'll flip it once and it'll be heads, and they'll flip it again, it'll be tails, and then they'll flip it again, it'll be heads and then it'll be tails and it'll be heads and there'll be tails. So people just believe that odds are distributed evenly and it'll be, it will go heads and then tails and then heads and then tails and then heads and then tails. But this almost never happens and this is not how numbers and averages behave. And instead of this sort of, you know, linear understanding of odds, eh, we see, we see these numbers, like, behave differently. Instead, we see clusters of outcomeAnd what I mean by this is, you know, it could go heads, heads, heads, tails, heads, tails, tails, heads, tails, tails. (laughs) So there you can see we've got, um, we've got five heads and five tails, so we flipped it 10 times. But instead of it being heads, tails, heads, tails, it's kind of the outcome is clustered. You know, it goes three heads and then one tails, and then we might be like, "Oh, this coin seems to be biased towards heads because it's just landed three times in a row." But in reality, if we just sort of flipped it 100 times, it would even out. But numbers, they, they behave i- in a different way. You know, we... A lot of people misunderstand this and they believe that, you know, if you... Genuinely, they believe that if you flip a coin, um, or the same thing if you, if you roll a dice, right? Uh, y- you know, you, you probably wouldn't think this as such, but some people will actually believe that you could roll a one, which means you're less likely to roll a one on the next go. When in reality that, that could be true, but you could still roll a one and then people would be like, "Oh my God, this, this dice is, is biased to one." Then they roll... They roll it again, they roll another one, they're like, "Oh my God, I just keep rolling ones, like, maybe this dice is, like, skewed." And the same, the same thing happens to people in sales, is they think, "I've just had, just had three losses in a row. I'm not a good salesperson." When in reality, it's not an accurate representation of the whole. It's just a cluster of outcome and you could then go on a winning streak. Um, you could have three wins in a row, and then you've got, like, a 50/50 average. So averages, they take some time to see, and most people don't give the time to see them. So let's explain this. So the same is true with sales calls. Okay? If you have a 33% conversion rate, then you're going to win one third of your calls and lose two thirds of them. But that doesn't mean that you're going to see the average with limited data. So, you know, if you, if you have a one in three conversion rate, then it doesn't mean that you're gonna win one and lose two, and win one and lose two, and win one and lose two. You know, most people expect a 33% conversion rate to look like this. You know, they expect to go one, loss, loss, one, loss, loss, one, loss, loss, one, loss, loss. Like, they expect it to just be this sort of linear pattern, but that's not how numbers behave. But... 'Cause in reality, a 33% conversion rate is also just as likely to look like this. You know, you could, you could lose seven in a row, so loss, loss, loss, loss, loss, loss, loss, and then you could win, win, win. You know, it's just as likely that this happens below than the one above. It's just as likely that you lose seven in a row and win three in a row as it is to, to win one in every three, like, in, in that order, because you've got the same amount of, like, volume with the same conversion rate, but the numbers will just organize themselves in random patterns. As long as they abide by the average, then it's fine. But because we don't understand this, because the human b- brain, like, sort of isn't organically wired to see this until you actually make it see it, we, we associate these sort of drawn out losing streaks with us being bad at sales So, you know, if you look at these two things here, for example, right? If you look at this, um, this, this right here, where you, where you win and then you lose, and then you win and you lose, like, this person here is just as good at sales as this person here. Right? And this person here could start to really freak out because before they know it, they've lost all these calls in a row and they start believing that they're bad at sales. And when that happens, they're down here, they start panicking. Um, and then only afterwards they find out that their conversion rate still stays the same at 33% and they just win three in a row. So this, this outcome is just as likely to happen as this outcome. And this person isn't any better at sales than this person, it- it's just the way the numbers... it looks, it looks like they are, but they're really not, you know? It's the, the consistency isn't there, it's not a big enough dataset. And most salespeople don't have the emotional discipline or understanding of statistics to weather this six-loss streak, and so they give up. They get demotivated and they slump further, or they start changing their script or their whole business. So this is a big problem. If you go on a little losing streak, if you, if you lose, like, five or six calls in a row, even more than that. Like, I've, I've gone on, like, 11 call losing streaks before only to come back and close, like, seven in a row. Like, I'm not even joking. But if you don't have the adis- dis- dis- if you don't have the discipline, excuse me, to weather this storm, um, then what will start to happen is you'll start to, to s- you'll start to change your business You'll be like, "Oh, I've just, I've just lost six calls in a row, maybe I need to change my script, or maybe I need to do this." Like, you don't make big decisions when you're hurting from a loss. And the same thing, you don't make big decisions when you're on the high of a win. You wait for your emotional state to sort of level out, you look at the data and that's how you regulate yourself. And sales slumps are inevitable, but the word slump doesn't have to be negative. Okay, everybody associates, like, ru- the word rut or the word slump or the word trough, you know, you have peaks and troughs or, or ups and ruts, whatever, um, and everyone associates those, those sort of words that denote being down as bad. But the reality is, is they're not bad, we just perceive them to be bad because we associate them with pain. The reality is they're just basically corrections. You know, if someone, if someone's like, "Oh, the stock's going down," they see that as a bad thing. But the thing is, is numbers, like, numbers can't be good or bad, like, it's only our perception of them that... You know, and then the emotion that we tie to them that creates this sort of understanding of whether they're good or not. So when you look at a number or, or a statistic or anything, it's... If someone's like, "Oh, my conversion rate's 20%, that's bad," I'm like, "No, it's not bad, it's just a conversion rate." Like, and yes, you need... Don't get me wrong, you need to tie some rational thinking and some emotion to the different (laughs) numbers, otherwise you won't understand what the hell's going on But when we look at slumps and when we look at ruts and stuff, instead of seeing them as a bad thing, you've just got to see them as an inevitable fate that will eventually be fixed, it's a correction. And the average will show itself with enough data and time. So the key to overcoming a slump is to just hang in there. Like, if you, if you're experiencing a sales slump and you start panicking, then all you've gotta recognize is that it will pick (laughs) itself back up, you know? And that if you just keep going and if you just keep plowing through your calls in the same method with the same level head, then the, the, the data will show itself. Like, it's, it's... If we look back here, you know, you could consider this six-loss streak here to be a slump. And it is a slump. But if we observe, as long as we keep going, then before you know it, we have three wins in a row. And then we could then go back and have another six losses, and then we could have another three wins. Like, I don't really care how often my wins come, I just care that they average out to what I want them to average out to. So I don't care if I go... I mean, I can... I, I'm at the point now where I can go 20 calls in a row, back to back nos, and I can maintain a rational level head because I know that I've got a strong proof of concept with my script. And the only reason that I would fail is if I just stopped going on, if that makes sense. Like, if, if... As long, as long as you don't give up, like, the only way you can really lose in sales is, is basically just to give up. Um, and that's how it works. So this is understood by something called regression to the mean. Okay? Um, regression to the mean is, as I mentioned earlier, is, is the stat- it's like a thing in statistics that we can use to accurately understand what the hell's going (laughs) on here. And basically this is how it works

So, okay, so we've got this diagram on the left. And the blue arrow is the mean, and the mean represents the average. So just think of the word mean as basically the word average. Um, and the black line is the trend, okay? And the trend represents the oscillating nature of numbers to achieve that mean. And what this basically means is you've, you've got your average, right, which is just sort of in the middle here. And for us to achieve that average, we'll sometimes go through troughs and we'll sometimes go through peaks. So let me explain. Most salespeople are sucked into the strong emotional influence that the black line has, which really is just simply the oscillation around the average. So numbers aren't tidy, they're not neat, at least not to us. Um, and it takes some time and a, a big enough data set for them to actually show us the average. So, what you find here is, you know, if you, if you observe this, this sort of oscillation here, it goes, it goes up and then it goes down, then it goes up, then it goes down. But really, like, it's wrapping itself around the average, like it's always regressing back to the average. And this blue line here is just the average of all of the peaks and all of the troughs put together. It's the sum. And as long as the average is fine, then we're fine. So you might find yourself down here in this, in this, like, trough or this, um, this sort of, like, rut or slump or whatever, and you might be panicking for your life. But what you don't realize is there's a peak around the corner, and then you'll enter a trough again and you'll start to panic again, and then you'll go up and then you'll panic again. But in reality, these, these are just sort of added into everything, like, it's, it's all part of the average. So obv- if we can observe here, we've got this sort of oscillating nature, but then it's the same thing here, right? So you've got the average here, which is really just the average level of confidence that you have, um, which revolves around your conversion rate. And it just goes up and down and up and down and up and down. And really, it's these, it's this sort of average point which is where the objective truth happens. You know, this is, this is where the, where we can actually get an accurate understanding of reality, which is just the average level of confidence we have is i- i- it's not about being really confident or being really doubtful, it's just about adding those two points together and figuring out what's in the middle. And then all we have to do is sort of work (laughs) on that, and that's, that's basically how it works. That's the regression to the mean. So this is what we call regression to the mean. And at the end of the day, the only thing that matters is your average, okay? Single days, weeks, or even months do not define you, good or bad. Your average does. And we can only accurately depict this with lots of data and over a long enough period of time. So, if you, if you do... Let's say you have a week where you make no sales. Does that mean that you're a bad salesperson? No. Does it mean your business is doomed to fail? No. Does it mean you should panic? No. Because the next three weeks could be the best three weeks of your life. And then the average sum of all those weeks put together is gonna be the average. So, you, you have to understand that these slumps that you get yourself into, they're not an accurate depiction of reality and your existence. And the same thing applies just as equally to the, the highs. You know, if you have a really good month, like, you can't just sort of get comfortable with that. Like, yeah, good months are awesome. Bad months, they kinda suck. But it's adding those two things together that really gives you an accurate depiction of, of who you are and where you're at. And if you, if you base your, if you base your business and your self-belief and your self-view and your self-perception and everything around the highs or the lows, then really, you're either just living in denial or living in fear. And if you do that, then you're probably not (laughs) gonna be very successful. So regression to the mean, it's just so imperative to understand, like, we, we oscillate as humans. The things that we do oscillate around an average, and the only thing that matters and the only way we can accurately judge our effectiveness is on this average. And if you don't see this, if you don't recognize that the average is the only thing that matters, then you're just gonna become a complete slave to the emotions that you experience as a result of the trending oscillations. And with sales calls, you will be up close and personal with regression to the mean, as you will have winning streaks of closed calls, and you will have losing streaks of calls that don't close. So you're gonna, you're gonna... I can guarantee you now, over the course of the next year or whatever of you doing sales, however many years, hopefully a very long time, y- you're gonna go through long winning streaks and long losing streaks. Like, I've had winning streaks before where I've closed, like, seven calls in a row, and I've had losing streaks before where I've gone, like, 16 calls without a close. And it's, and it's entirely natural. And, and trust me, like, before I recognized this stuff, 16 no nos in a row is, is ruthlessly painful. It makes you want to just completely stop running your business. But you've gotta recognize this stuff, and you've gotta realize that there's a big correction due in the market. It's just like stocks and shares. It's like anything you observe over time. It's like the population of a, of a certain type of species or animal, like, it, it just corrects itself out to an equilibrium, and it, and, and the same thing applies with your sales conversion rates. And your average conversion rate is the sum of all the highs and the lows you've had across a long period of time. So this is why you can't look at specific weeks or specific days. Like, if you, if you have a bad day, you've gotta realize that that's, that's one in 365 of the year. And then if you have a bad year, that's probably, like, one in 80, okay? If you, if you live, if you live to the age of 80, right? If you have one bad year, or maybe even in, in your 20s if you have a bad year, then, then, like, you know, from, from the age of 20 to 30, you have one bad year at the age of 21... for whatever reason, and then you have nine amazing years from, from 21 to, to 30. There's, you know, there's... You wouldn't say that I've had a bad set of 20s, you know? You, you wouldn't say I've had a bad time in my 20s, you know? You might have had a terrible year, but then the other ones cancel it out, and it's the average is the only thing that really matters. And you are your averages. You are not your highs, you are not your lows, you are your averages. And until you understand that, then the highs and the lows, you'll start to associate your self-image with highs and lows, and then you'll just be living in denial or in fear. And you don't really want to live in either of those things. You want to live in objectivity. And don't get me wrong, it's awesome to be on a winning streak, and I'm not saying that you shouldn't celebrate these things, but the last thing you want to do is get overconfident and get too cocky and forget what you've learned and forget the humility that actually got you to the place where you were winning loads of, loads of deals, um, and then to start to fall off. And then before you know it, you, you've hit a slump and then it's like you can't get yourself out. And slumps or ruts are inevitable, and they are required for the numbers to establish an average. And instead of seeing back-to-back no's as a bad thing, just see them as the trend. Like, if you have a losing streak, just see it for what it is. It's just the trend correcting itself. You know, it's, it's not... It's nothing bad. It's only bad if you see it as bad. It's just if you... It's just happening, doesn't mean you have to tie a negative emotion to it. Like, between... There's a really good quote here, and I want you to remember this, I want you to write it down. So if you're all taking notes here, pen, paper and pen, write this down. It's a quote from Viktor E. Frankl, um, who was a, um, guy who lived through the Holocaust, um, very, very, very clever- clever guy, and he's got a book called, um, Man's Search For Meaning. And in that book, I might butcher this quote, but it's something along the lines of this. It says, "Between stimulus and response, man has the freedom to choose." And what that basically means is that between something happening to you and you responding to it, there's a small window of time that allows you to choose your response. And often the best response is no response at all. So the stimulus in this case is a slump, it's a rut, it's, it's, um, it's a, it's a losing streak. You've lost five calls in a row, and that's the stimulus. But you don't have to... Uh, like the reaction you have to that is a choice. Now to most people, it's not, because to most people, they're not aware of this, and most people aren't trained in the art of emotional management, um, but you're going to be after this if you go through this video enough and enough times. But there's a small window between that happening and you reacting to it that you can sort of look at it and think, okay, it's just a slump, and we will regress to the mean as long as I keep doing what I'm doing and, and use the tried and proven methods that I've learned in the program I will pull myself out of this, and I'm not gonna panic and I'm not gonna worry. And if anything, I'm actually quite confident because every no gets me closer to a yes. You know, and you can choose that response. You know, you have to condition yourself and train yourself to do it, but honestly, the... Like I said, I know that I've, I've said that there's a lot of things that separate good from great salespeople, but technique and, and sort of, like, actual delivery of sales aside, really, the most important thing here is just keeping your emotions in check. And it's just understanding that between emo- between stimulus and response, you have the freedom to choose that response. And if that response is the right one, then you're never gonna fail. So anyway, back to what I was saying. Instead of seeing back-to-back no's as a bad thing, just see them as a trend, and know that if you hang in there and just keep doing what you're doing, the trend will oscillate back up. And likewise, peaks are inevitable, okay? Just as slumps are inevitable, peaks are also inevitable, and they will take you on a wild emotional ride of joy, optimism, and confidence, and they will eventually dip into troughs. So it's, it's gonna go like this. You're gonna go from up to down. Like, it's... You can't stop it. It's gonna happen. You might as well just accept it where you are now and recognize it. And you must also practice not getting carried away by these peaks too, okay? Emotional management is about staying steady and calm in the face of the good and the bad So whilst you want to manage your emotions here, you also want to manage your emotions here. You don't want to get too low, but you also don't want to get too high. You want to sort of find this nice middle ground equilibrium where you can operate objectively and rationally. And the average never shows itself in small datasets, only in large datasets. So when I say datasets, I just mean how many calls you've done, but in statistics, datasets just refers to how much of something you have to go off of. And because of this, temporary winning or losing streaks are not representative of the average, which means they're not actually representative at all, okay? It took me a while to figure this out because, you know, I've been on some pretty big winning streaks and, you know, consistent... You know, I've had some months where I've converted at, like, high 40, 50%. And then I've had other months where I've converted at, like, 25%, right? And, um, and like, for me, I only just pay attention to the good side. I just... I'm like, "Oh, yeah, I converted 50%" Which, to be fair, it happens more often than not, so the average is actually significantly skewed in that favor, but if you have, like, a really good sales week... Like, I remember when I first started my agency, I had, like, a week where I signed, like, four clients in one go. I was like, "Yeah, I'm, I'm the man." And then I had, like, six weeks where I signed no clients, but I kept paying attention to that first week because I was like, "Yeah, I'm, I'm the man. I closed loads of clients in that week." But I wasn't able to objectively see that I wasn't making these deals. I'd got, you know, this confidence, it manifested itself into comfort and complacency, and then before you knew it, I was just in absolute... You know, I was being terrorized by not having enough money So, you know, it's, it's binary. You don't... You, you want to be non-binary in the respect that you don't want to submit to either of these poles of confidence or doubt. You want to stay in the middle, and you want to be able to muster up confidence when you're experiencing doubt, and you want to be able to muster up doubt when you're experiencing confidence. So I'm not saying that you want to undermine the confidence you have in your ability to close deals, but I'm just saying that you... If you take anything to its extreme, it's gonna whip back around and bite you in the arse. So this is why we have the 30-call rule, and I introduced this one to you in the script modification video, and if you've forgotten it, then there's gonna be a lot of reminders in this videoSo with sales calls, you cannot objectively judge your script, offer, or guarantee, or business, okay, until you've done at least 30 sales calls using the exact same questions, pitch, and process. So, like, what I'm saying here is you can't... Until you've conducted at least 30 calls using the whole script with people in your niche, you can't judge the effectiveness of anything in your business. But I see where... I see this, like... I'll explain this in a second, actually, because I've got some slides on this. But basically, like, it's entirely possible... Or sorry, this is because it's entirely possible that your script and offer may result in a 33% conversion rate, but you can still get 20 back-to-back nos and then 10 back-to-back yeses. So, this is why we do 30 sales calls, and this is why we don't make any judgments of anything before we've done 30 calls. Because if you've got a 30 per-... Uh, if- if your, if your script that you've currently got allows you to convert at 33%, like, of your calls, then it's possible for you to get 20 back-to-back nos before getting 10 back-to-back yeses. Imagine how you'd feel if you had 19 back-to-back nos and then you gave up, and then what you didn't... And then, uh, you didn't actually realize this, but if you just kept going for, like, one more call, you would then have 10 back-to-back closes. And honestly, it's totally imp-... It's totally possible. Now, it doesn't mean it's exactly likely, but it's possible. So, you know, this absolutely plagues the existence of most agency owners. You know, they, they do three to four calls, they get three to four nos in a row, and then they second-guess their entire business and their script and everything. When in reality, three to four nos in a row means nothing at all. And this is why we track our metrics, and this is why we keep an eye on things, because it's very easy to have a day where you get all emotional. Uh, you know, you have a few nos or a few negative, you know, people on a call, or everyone on th- everyone on the same day tells you they can't afford it or whatever, and then you get emotional and then you make a decision to change something in your business. When in reality, you're, you're just making a decision, like, at this point. You know, you're here, you know, you're making your decision here. A- and then the same thing applies if you get back-to-back yeses. Then you might make your decision here, you know? And you're making a decision around something that isn't really the average or actually object- the objective truth. So, my point here is we must do 30 calls to get an accurate depiction of the mean, because the average, as you remember, is the only thing that matters. And the only way for you to judge your effectiveness and your performance is based on your average And you cannot judge your average or get an accurate depiction of your average until you've conducted at least 30 calls. Because 30 is enough... It's, it's a big enough dataset for the average to reveal itself. And anything less than that, well, it's simply not gonna show you, and then you won't actually know what the truth is. So maybe your conversion rate is 10%. You know, maybe that means you go 27 calls dry before getting three closes, and then you're like, "Okay, well, I'm converting at 10%." But if you, if you just give up at 27 and you don't do 30, I know it might seem... You could, you could argue that a different number would work, but 30 is honestly the, the sort of golden point that we found. And whenever we write a new script or test a new script variation or anything like that, we always do 30 first. So here's an example, okay? This is a sales tracker. Um, this is, this was from, um, December of 2019, I think. And this is actually from my sales calls. Um, so I'm not... I've blurred out the names and the exact dates for obvious reasons. Um, but what you can see here is this is just a quick screenshot of part of December. I mean, we, we do lots of calls, so this is just w- one quick screenshot. Um, and I'm sh-... I'll show you this tracker in a bit. We'll give you the same tracker, so don't worry about anything specific for now. But what you can see is we've got the first column, we've got dates, then we've got, um, names. Then we've got, um, pricing here, like in the middle, and then we've got call length, and then we've got, um, this Google Drive link, which is basically the, the call recording But the most important thing from here is we've then got the column where it says, um, lost or won. And you'll see that won is in green and lost is just white. And then beyond that, we've also got emotions. Okay, so I basically make a note after every single call, is I will, in one to two words, is I'll basically, like, I will just define my emotional state after that call. And it's a very good weapon, I'll talk about it at length later. But my point here is if you look at this data, what you can see is we've got a lot of losses before we have a won. Right? And let me explain this. So, here we've got 23 calls and we've got seven closes, right? So that gives us around a 30% closing rate, which is, you know, what we were doing back in 2019. And, um, and what you'll see here, if you observe, is the way the data plays out is we have a close. So first of all, we have a loss near the top, um, but then we have a close, right? We, we win a sale. And then after that sale, we go ahead and have seven losses in a row, okay? And then after those seven losses, we have a close, and then after that close, we have six losses, right? And then we have five closes, and then we have two losses. So, what we can see here is this, this sort of data, you know, it demonstrates an oscillation. Because as we start, you know, we, we have a, we have, like, a loss right here, and then, and then we have, we have a win right here, you know And then, obviously, this isn't exactly the data. I haven't got a graph specifically for this, but you can observe how... And then we go on a losing streak, so then we sort of, you know, we oscillate back down to, to this negative point, or it's the same thing with, with this graph here. You know, we, we win a sale, then we have seven losses, and then we have a sale, then we have six losses. And then we have five sales in a row, we'd be all the way up here, and then inevitably, boom, it slims back down, and there may be another one. So, you know, you can observe how, how the data plays out and, um, and how it works. And, and let's just check out my emotional state here, because what we can observe is that towards the end of my second loss or t- towards the end of my second loss streak, I noted that my emotional state was frustrated, and that was just after I went on a five-call closing streak. Oh, sorry, and just after that, I went on a five-call closing streak. So, this is really interesting, and this is why I quite like logging my data and logging my emotional state, because I can look back through my data and my calls, and I can just see in one to two words what my emotional state was like. And what we can observe here, and this is just one screenshot from one month from, like, three years of data. But what we can observe here is I started to note towards the end of this loss streak, or at the end of this loss streak, that I was frustrated So I was clearly, like, you know, in... Having some difficulty, um, you know, with, with the loss streak, and I started to feel some emotions. Um, and then as soon as that loss streak was over, I went on a five-call closing streak. So I, I went from frustrated to feeling amazing (laughs), you know? And, and, and you can observe this happen. Like, once you start to, to note this stuff, and once you start to write it down and you can see it, like, clearly in front of you, you'll begin to recognize these patterns that you go through. Um, and, you know, you'll observe the same thing here, like, you know, as we go through these, this loss streak here. Now, I've been practicing this for a long time, so we lose this, we're stable, we lose this, we're fine, fine, great, cool, um, and then not great, and then I've got lost here and I've just got very confident. And after I'm very confident, I win, and then I'm... You know, you can see here that even though I'm losing, like, in a row, I'm... My emotional state is still fine, for the, for the most part. The average here is just the word fine or good call or whatever. So, for most people, uh, untrained in the art of emotional management

They probably get to like this point, and they'd be like, "Oh, dude, I'm panicking." But I didn't really panic until I'd lost, like, 10 calls pretty much in a row, bar this one here. So I just- I didn't really start to sort of freak out. (laughs) And even then, I, I probably would have caught this and, and, and not, not sort of succumb to it. But, um, it wasn't until I got to this point, and I was like, "Oh my God." So here's another example. Okay, so, so more data, um, and this is actually from, (taps table) um, February of 2020. So this is a bit more recent. I'm recording this, um, in 2021, um, start of March, so this is a year ago, this data, um, and it's, you know, slightly more accurate, um, s- or, you know, slightly more recent. But what you can observe here is a, a similar thing unfolding, but just slightly in reverse. So we have 24 calls with 10 closes, um, and this is just one screenshot from a few calls that we did in February. Uh, I think that gives us like a 45% close rate or something like that. So quite a good month, uh, or a good, like, couple of weeks or whatever. And you can see this sort of pattern plays out here. So we start off by losing three, so, you know, it says three lost, which is here, and then we have one win, which is here. Then we h- then we lose two, which is here, and then we go... Um, then I'm pretty sure I win, and then this, this covers up a loss. Okay, so it wasn't a four-call closing streak. This is a loss, I'm pretty sure. Um, but we lose this one, then we, then we win two, then we lose two, then we win one, then we lose three, then we win three, then we lose two. Um, and what you can observe here is, is the same thing as before. So this little, um, this little, uh, like, um, like, red circle, you can observe before going on a bit of a roll, I was coming out of a rut from the previous month, right? So, I- this, this was s- start of February, as you, as you can see over here. This was the 3rd of February, 2020, and I don't think January was too hot for us. Um, and I think coming into February, 'cause obviously, it doesn't just cut off month by month. L- your emotions don't just account for a new month starting, right? Um, unless it's like, you know, you're going into the, the new year with resolutions and shit. Uh, but anyway, don't get me started on that. Um, but you can see here, I've got this, I've got this note. It says, "Pissed, can't seem to..." And I'm assuming that's a quite, quite a rude word, um, can't seem to get it or something like that. And, um, and I was really angry here, but then I had another call and I won it, and I- my emotion was, "Bloody lovely lol." (laughs) So, you know, it, you can see how I just sort of completely... My emotions just went, like, over the course of a day from voom to voom. You know, and this, this stuff can happen, it can happen in, in a space of seconds. So when you see this, this thing here, understand that it's macro and micro. So macro, you know, it's gonna be month by month or week by week, but micro, it's gonna be minute by minute. In one minute, your emotions might be up, and the next minute, they might be down. And if that's h- if y- if your emotions are going up and down minute by minute, you need to do some serious work and continuously re-watch this video, because you're never gonna be able to, you know, successfully scale if, if you're, if you're letting your emotions just sort of, you know, do that. I mean, it's, it's one thing experiencing your emotions do this. It's totally human. Like, we all, we all have emotions, right? Um, you know, unless you're a psychopath. But it's one thing experiencing them, but it's another thing to make decisions around them. So, you know, you can, you can... Like here, you'll observe, I'm, I'm pissed. You know? I've, I've been on a losing streak. I'm, I'm starting to get a bit frustrated. Um, but I don't make a decision to stop or change my script or anything. I just keep doing what I'm doing, and then I win the next call, and then I go on a, a 45% close rate, uh, ratio as I'm going through here. So I thought those examples would be quite helpful. And don't be fooled. You know, I've had months where I've converted at 25%, which is abysmal by my standards. Like, if I'm, if I have a month where I convert at 25%, I'm like, I'm like beside myself with worry. Like, it's not necessary, but I still feel these emotions. Like, it's totally natural to experience, uh, levels of confidence and doubt that vary in accordance to how many calls you've closed. But it's not, it's not not feeling them that matters. It's not acting on them. That's the thing. Like, you can feel an emotion, and you can note it. Just because I've allowed myself to get frustrated doesn't mean that I've actually made a decision to make any changes or make any rash decisions based on these emotions. And I'm not defined, you know, by my 25% or my 50%, you know, close months. I'm not defined by my ho- I'm not- by, sorry (laughs) I'm not defined by my highs. Okay, that was, that, that could've been dangerous. Um, I'm not defined by my highs, you know, where I'm having 50% conversion rates per month, or I'm not defined by my lows, you know, where I'm converting at 25% or whatever. But I'm defined by the average of these two, so you know, between 30% and 40%. And as of this year, you know, as of, as of, um, later into 2020, our conversion rates have massively increased, because I've consistently improved our script, and I'm always making iterations and changes to it to evolve it. Um, so the average close rate we have is, you know, between 30% to 40%. And as you start sales, you might find that your average is, is a little lower, and it's totally normal, but your job is to get it to up c- c- continuously rise. Like, when we started, our conversion rate, like, I mean, well, first of all, when I, when I started my agency, I, I think it took me like 60 calls (taps table) to get a client. That's not a very good conversion rate. But since then, um, that was without using this script, of course. I was- I didn't know what I was doing. But since then, I've been able to sort of continuously evolve myself as a salesperson and continuously evolve my script and keep my emotions in check and climb all the way up to the point where I'm reliably converting 40% of my deals. And I have no doubt that over the next couple of years, that will become 50% on average, and then it will become 60% on average. You know, obviously, it's impossible to close 100% of your calls, because they're not always gonna be a good fit. You know, there's no qualifying process that's gonna do that for you. But for the most part, you know, it, it could be possible. Maybe I just need to believe it. And it doesn't matter how well-trained you are or how kick-ass your script is. If you can't control your state of mind, it will all be for nothing. And sales slumps are inevitable, and they are simply the regression to the mean average of your conversion rates over time.And this is how numbers behave. You cannot afford to let this inevitable oscillation control your emotional state. So, I've made it- I've basically made you aware of this, this phenomenon. And just being aware of it, and recognizing it, and, and explaining it should allow you to overcome it. Because in my experience, if I'm, if I have an emotion, all I have to do is notice the emotion is there and understand why it exists, and it usually makes it go away. (laughs) It's just, it's just becoming aware of these, these feelings that you have. You know, if I, if I wake up o-one morning and I'm experiencing loads of doubt in my business, then I'm just like, okay. I've trained myself to reflect on pain, first of all. So I'm like, okay, we've woken up and we're feeling some doubt. Why is that? And it's like, oh, I just, I slept for th- four hours. I ate loads of shit yesterday. You know, I've, I've had a few calls go bad recently or not close. I've just had an argument with, with my friend and, you know, and, and then they're, they're also doing something in my business and... Like, of course I'm gonna be feeling doubt. (laughs) You know, I've like, I've, y- you know, we, we, emotions are simply outputs of different inputs that we have in our lives. So it's totally natural that I feel doubt there and, and it's not a bad thing for me to feel it, but it would be a bad thing if I acted on it. So if I woke up that morning and I was like, "Oh God, I'm feeling doubtful today. I'm just, you know, I'm gonna not ask this question on these calls," or, "I'm gonna make this change to my offer," or, i- i- it's just chaos. And let's now talk about the greatest weapon you can have in sales and it's totally related to this, but let's discuss it. So true masters of sales understand why statistics work and they understand statistics and how numbers behave and why slumps happen. And more importantly, they don't let the trend of their efforts get to their head and demotivate them. So if they enter a slump, they don't let themselves get overrun with emotions of panic or fear. They remain unshakeable and pull through every time. So really the, the greatest weapon that a salesperson has is their mind, because imagine if I gave up here, right? Imagine if, if I was like, you know, at this point where I'm all frustrated or whatever, and imagine if I was just like, "You know what? I, I don't wanna do any calls for the next week. I just want to take some time off and, you know, I'm, I'm all burned out. I wanna just take some time off." Or, you know, "I'm gonna, I'm gonna put my calls off and go back to the drawing board." Like imagine if I, if I gave up, I, I just have missed out on the opportunity to close five clients in a row. And the greatest, the control you have over your mind is the greatest sales weapon you have. No technique, no script, no rebuttal, no level of silence or anything will save you if, if you cannot control your emotions. And by control, I mean if you cannot control the, the reactions you have to them, okay? It's one thing experiencing doubt, it's another thing acting on it. And for most people those two things are exactly the same. It's kind of like experience doubt, make a change that's completely irrational. But for us, we can't afford to do that. In fact, if your, if your agency is, is in the ground, then you, you literally can't afford to do it, because I promise you that emotions are gonna cost you more money. Like they're the biggest... If, if, if someone was to say like, if someone was to ask me like, "What's the biggest expense in a business?" Like it would just be emotions. Like I know that's not an exact expense, but if you're looking for ways to make more money, then it's really just to look at ways that prevent you from making more money, and that is just your emotions So the greatest weapon you have in sales is control over your mind and it's, it's being able to manage your emotions and keep a steady level head as you, as you, as you experience and you see these, these trends, you need to separate yourself from them. If you have a losing streak, you need to take a step back and realize what's going on. If you have a winning streak, you need to take a step back and realize what's going on. You need to understand the statistics, understand the principle of regression to the mean, and realize that the ups, the up and down nature of sales is nothing but a vehicle for the average. And the, if you want to regulate yourself with something and if you want to feel emotional about something, then just feel emotional about your average, okay? (laughs) I- i- like don't feel emotional about your slumps or your highs or your lows. The only thing you should base your ability on or your, your... The only thing you should base your perceived ability to sell on of yourself is the average you have. And to be honest, I mean it will tell you, like you don't have to m- really think anything of it. And the ability to regulate yourself and manage your emotions and keep yourself in check through the highs and the lows and to separate yourself from your day-to-day or week or week or even month to month conversion rates is the most important thing you can do. You know, you've gotta see the ups and downs for what they really are. They are just trends that always regress back to the average. Remember, numbers are just numbers. They're not, they're not good or bad. It's only our perception of them that means they're good or bad And you have to remember this, remember the oscillation. Don't be this guy, you know? Don't do what I did. Uh, it's, it's very easy to do, I promise you, where you, you go on a winning streak and you start looking at Lamborghinis and then only for you to make a couple of losses and then you start panicking. But you want to be this guy, okay? If you go on a winning streak, you want to recognize it. You want to say, "Okay, I'm, I'm winning. I'll try to maintain this momentum, but I'm not going to get overconfident or carried away." So just because you're on a winning streak does not mean you have to just start g- going mad. Like I had this before, early days, early, early days of my agency where I, I had like a, a few weeks where I did really, had some good success, made like 10K in like two weeks and then I just, I just sort of didn't do any work for the rest of the month. Like I did no more prospecting, I did no more sales calls. I just, I just kept going and getting drunk and hanging out with my friends 'cause I thought, yeah, I've made it. Like I've, you know, I've got passive income now that the agency's gonna run itself and, and honestly if you've used... Like the only reason I thought that is because I allowed my emotions of confidence to get the better of meAnd, like, I started to make these decisions, which inevitably came back about and, and whipped me. (laughs) Uh, they just came back around the corner. I didn't see them coming and they were like, "Ha. You've, you've been, you've been slacking off, my man." And they just, they were like, "You can't do this." And, you know, if, if you get into a slump, you want to recognize it. You want to be like, "Okay, looks like I'm in a slump, but that's okay. I know my process works and I know that all I have to do is keep going to get out of it." So really, the, the secret, if someone comes to me and they're like, "Charlie, I'm in a sales rut. What do I do?" I'm like, "Just don't do anything. Just keep doing what you're doing." Uh, that might sound a bit paradoxical. I'm not saying don't do anything. That's, that's, that's the worst thing you can do. But like if someone's like, "What, what should I do? I'm in a sales slump." I'm like, "Okay, well, over the past three months, what, what's your average conversion rate been then?" They're like, "Oh, it's like 26%." I'm like, "Okay, and so how many calls have you lost in a row?" They're like, "Uh, like five." I'm like, "Okay, so based on the history of, of your ability to sell, if you just keep doing what you've been doing for the past three months, then you're gonna convert at 26% regardless of how, how long this losing streak goes on for." So the only thing you have to do is just keep going. Like the only way to guarantee failure is to give up. (laughs) It's like if, if you just, like I know that to begin with as well, if you haven't started selling yet or if you haven't used the script yet, you won't know what your average is going to be. Okay? And that's totally normal. That's why we've got the script modification video. That's why we've got the resources to help you track your script and everything. But your objective for this first 30-day period should obviously be to land clients, but the main objective, if you really want to scale to multi six or seven figures, should be for you to understand your numbers and to figure out how well you convert with the script you've currently got. And don't get like, you know, ten calls in and start making changes to your script, because you're gonna be making changes based on small data sets, and we know that the average doesn't show itself unless you've got a big enough data set, which is 30 calls. So be this guy, you know. Don't be this guy that, that starts panicking and... You know, I'm not saying that you can't look at Lamborghinis. Like if you go on a winning streak, of course you can go ahead and start, you know, looking at, looking at cool things and keeping yourself motivated. Like I'm not saying that you, you should just be this weird monk that has no regard for any emotions, and I'm also not saying that you shouldn't try and start living a bit frugally if you're not making enough money But what I am saying is you just want to not get carried away with these emotions. You know, you, you, you don't want to start making decisions when you're super confident or when you're super doubtful because that's when you're most vulnerable. You know, it's this, it's like if you're confident, it's a, it's a false sense of security, and if you're, if you're doubting yourself, then it's like a false feeling of insecurity. (laughs) And if you make a decision around something that's false, then it's gonna absolutely fuck you, and it won't do you any favors. So now let's talk about sales Armageddon, um, and let's talk about three reasons, um, for the day of reck- reckoning in sales. A bit of a mouthful, but what I'm basically saying here is there are three main reasons as to why salespeople go extinct. Um, and we call this Armageddon, we call it the Day of Reckoning, um, you know, obviously they're notorious terms for extinction. Um, and I mean extinction because if you, if you catch yourself like falling prey to one of these three things, then like I said, there's no level of training or, that's really gonna save you. You know, like if you, if you just have an awesome script, which you're gonna have, if you have an awesome process, which you're gonna have, but you fall prey to one of these three things, uh, well, it doesn't really matter. You know, it really isn't gonna do you any favors So there are three things that cause sales Armageddon, and these things wreak havoc on the lives of salespeople. And really just by knowing they exist, you can avoid running into them. Okay? And "All I want to know in life is where I'm going to die, so I never go there." Uh, that's a quote from a guy called Charlie Munger. Uh, he's a billionaire, he's very clever, and he's Warren Buffett's business partner. And the whole point of this, this quote is to sort of explain inversion, uh, which basically means instead of trying to focus on what you should do, you should really just be focusing on what you shouldn't. And if you don't do what you shouldn't do, then you're far more likely to succeed. You know, I'd, I'd rather just avoid making mistakes than, than doing the right thing. I mean, obviously you need to have both. You need to do the right thing to move forward. But a surefire way to not make progress is to regress, and a surefire way to regress is to make mistakes. So often it is the case that you just have to not do the stupid things to be smart. So improving your conversion rate is more about not doing the wrong things than doing the right things, and there's no point in having a cracking script if you're making one of these three mistakes. So what are these three things that result in extinction for salespeople? Well, we've got three different ones, and the first cause here is limited quantity So limited quantity means that you are not doing enough calls to warrant you getting any results. Okay, this is, this is the first and most important thing that, you know, if you... Like sales calls to a business, to an agency specifically, are like oxygen. They are, they are the, the very, like they, they are like th- what the sun is to a plant. Like without it, you just can't produce energy to survive. Like if you, if you are not generating sales calls for your agency consistently and in a big enough volume, then you are going to die. You will be the plant that is out-competed by, you know, all the other plants that are taller than it. It will have no energy from the sun, and you will just shrivel up and you will die. You know, if you are not, if you do not have, if you have limited quantity of calls, if you do not have enough sales calls flowing into your business from multiple different sources, y- you just will become extinct. There is nothing that will help you. It is the main and most important thing to running a successful agency and scaling it, is just generating sales calls and converting them. Now obviously you need to know how to deliver, but there's no point in knowing how to deliver if you can't actually get people to deliver for in the first place. So let's explain this. So since averages present themselves over large data sets, it's impossible to get out of a rut if you don't continue and do more calls So if you are in a sales slump, then the only way to continue is to continue, right? The only way to improve it and to get out of it is to carry on, but you can't carry on if you don't have enough calls. (laughs) So you'll basically lose, and you can get ten back to back nos, and this will even happen with the best salespeople in the agency space. But if that happens, you just need to keep going. You know, remember it took me 60 calls to land my first client. The only reason I was able to, to be successful in the agency space is because I didn't give up. And I know that sounds a bit cliche, it sounds a bit sort of like obvious, and it truly is, but it's common sense, and common sense is not common practice among the common man. So just don't give up. Like if, if, if it takes you, if you use the script and it takes you like thirty calls to get a client, so be it. Like you can improve. Everything can be improved. Every problem in business can be solved, and that's evidenced by the fact that there's people out there that are billionaires, who have solved problems in business that were perceived to be impossible to solve. So, you know, if you, if you're worrying about getting sales right or if you're worrying about figuring out how to land appointments for a small marketing agency, um, then just remember that, um, like Bill Gates was able to make Microsoft, like Elon Musk was able to form his companies, Jeff Bezos was able to, you know, start Amazon and, and create this machine Like I always have this, if I'm like, "Oh man, I can't, you know, I can't figure out how to get my sales conversion rate up," or, "I can't figure out how to get appointments." I'm like, dude, they put a man on the moon. Like and we're probably gonna put a man on Mars soon. So if someone can figure out how to do that, then I can definitely figure out how to do this. You know, it's just a, it's just a perception of confidence

... past. And understand that your only objective should be doing 30 calls, okay? And you must not make any adjustments or iterations to your script, your pitch, your offer, your guarantee, or your business until you've done 30 full calls. Okay? So don't, don't do what most agency owners do, 'cause most agent- agency owners, they do four calls, they get four nos, and then they go back to the drawing board in an emotional fit of panic. And the same thing applies to outreach. They'll send 100 emails, they'll get one negative response, and then they'll go and change everything. Like, the average takes some time to show, and honestly, like, the thing that prevents us from allowing that time to happen, and, you know, having the patience to actually work through it, is emotion. So we must overcome this stuff. And if you've got a limited quantity of calls, if you're not doing at least 30, uh, then, well, uh, uh, by now you should understand the gravity (laughs) of that situation. And this is the biggest cause of extinction among salespeople. They simply don't try or don't try for a long enough period of time. So if you haven't done 30 calls with your new script yet, then your only focus should be doing 30 calls. So now that you've got your script modified, your pitch written, and calls become- coming in, they should be coming in from the modules we've taught in paid and organic attraction, your only point of focus f- should now just be to get 30 calls under your belt using that exact script, repeating it every single time. And that's all you should focus on for now, because if you don't, then things will not work for you. If you go in and you do 12 calls and start making changes or... No, this is... Honestly, it is the biggest... It... I wouldn't even... I'm not even exaggerating. It is the biggest cause of all failure among the agency space and other businesses as well, but specifically to agency owners as that's what the program's about here, is making decisions based on ju- based on emotion, like, as opposed to data. Like pe- everyone just... You know, i- the really, really successful business owners are versed in the art of emotional management and decision-making, and they make their decisions based on data. And the reason they can make good decisions and the reason they do the right thing and have the right iterations and everything is because they've got enough data to back up the decisions they're making. When agency owners start, they buy a course for a grand or 997, and then that course tells them to go and start landing clients, and then it doesn't verse them in the, in the sort of art of emotional management. It doesn't tell them about data. It doesn't, it doesn't sort of h- help them think properly. So if up until this point you've, you sort of... You keep going around in circles, you're stuck at the same point, you, you can't seem to break through a certain amount of money, or you're not getting any clients, or you keep making changes and you can't really figure out what's working, then the problem you have is just not having the data. So commit to doing 30 calls. In fact, write it down now on a piece of paper, "I am going to do 30 calls before I make any changes to anything in my script, my business, or anything." So don't, don't do 15 calls and then start changing your guarantee, because then the other 15 calls you do won't be an accurate representation of the original 15. And then before you know it, you've got two variables that you've changed and you don't know what's what. So limited quantity is the first cause of extinction, and usually the most common. Okay? So number two, faulty preconceived beliefs. So this one is... This one get... This, this, this is the one that gets me the worst. Okay? This, this is... This, this cause here, I mean, I've been doing this for a long time, and fortunately enough I've, I've overcome most of these, or all of them, to the point where I'm actually quite successful in the sales space, which is rare. But the one that really hindered me was this one here. First of all, like, once I got over the limited quantity thing and the data thing, I was like... I was kind of good, but then it was this one. This one really started to attack me. Um, and this is, this is faulty preconceived beliefs, and what I mean by this is, it's having beliefs about your market or your niche or your offer or your price point or something. It's basically holding a belief based on nothing, right? And when I say nothing, that could be doing two sales calls, both of them ending in a no, and both of them say... Th- the prospect's like, "I haven't got any money," and then you believe, by... based off of two single phone calls, that the whole market has no money. And then you go into every single sales call you do from that point onwards with the belief that your market has no money, and therefore you skew the call subconsciously or even consciously in the direction of the belief you already hold, and then obviously they don't close, and then that reinforces your belief the market has no money to the point where you're getting no clients. This happened to me in Imperium Agency very recently, okay? I... This... I still fall prey to these things. Like, I'm aware of them, but because Imperium's a new business, there's new beliefs that pop into my head that I, I, I... You know, I'm... It's difficult sometimes to separate the woods from the trees. I'm a lot better than I was, but these... You know, we're all human, but, like, I had this with Imperium where we started doing calls, and I did, like, 10 calls. We had our script defined. We used the exact same process and everything, modification, 30-call rule, and then I started to... You know, I had a couple calls where people are like, "Oh, yeah, I, I want a done-for-you solution. I don't want to do a program." And I was like, "Okay." And I had it again, and then I started to think, "Wow, okay, well, I... Maybe the program isn't the right thing. Maybe we should stop building the program." Talked to Beau about it. We talked about it at length, and then we were like, "Oh, hang on. How many calls have we done?" Like, like, 11 calls. "How many clients have we closed?" Like, three. "Okay. So we've, we've got three clients, and all the other ones have just said they don't want to come on board because they want done for you. So what's the problem here?" Well, the problem here is that we just haven't got a way of handling the done-for-you objection. The problem is not the business. It's not the model. It's not the price point. It's not the guarantee. It's not the program. It's nothing, but our ability to handle that objection, because we've never really ran into that one before with Northflow. And we thought... What we mistook for an objection-... that can be handled, we, we thought was an actual, like, w- was reality, and it wasn't. You know, we had... And then ev- basically, for the n- until we ch- sort, sort of saw that, I was doing all these calls just thinking that people want a done for you, so I'd ask these questions, and indirectly I'd skew the call. You're never really conscious of the fact that you're skewing calls in different directions. But if you believe something about the market, and you start doing calls with the market, then what will d- what will happen is your belief about that market will begin to skew your, um, the direction that you take your calls in. So if you genuinely believe that nobody in your market will, will pay $5,000 a month for your services, then no one's gonna pay $5,000 a month for your services because you're not gonna be very bold in asking for that. Or there'll be other things that you do, that I can't even articulate, that prevent you from getting that close. Same thing, um, all the time. Like if you do different calls, if you have a belief in your market that people will pay $5,000 a month, then you're more likely to get people paying $5,000 a month because you believe it to be true. And same thing in the gym space. There's a competitor that we have called Gym Launch. They sell a program for like $16,000, a one-time payment. And before coming into the gym space, we, we were... You know, when we first came into the gym space, we didn't even believe that people would pay a thousand dollars a month (laughs) for a marketing campaign. And when we found out that Gym Launch was selling, like, a program for like 15, 16 grand, we were like, "Oh, well, maybe our beliefs are wrong." And then we corrected them, and then we went into calls with an open mind, believing that our prospects had money. And guess what? They had the money. (laughs) You just have to believe it. So, a faulty preconceived belief is a belief that is not an accurate representation of reality, and it's a belief that you take into the call with you. These beliefs are self-fulfilling, meaning if you believe that it's true, you will indirectly or directly cause it to come true. And this is because of the positive relationship, or the positive feedback relationship, between belief and behavior. So the same thing with learning how to sell. If you believe that sales is hard, then you're going to get on calls believing sales is hard. And then guess what's gonna happen? You're gonna go through that call thinking it's hard. You'll therefore make it hard for yourself, because of the confirmation bias and the way the brain works, and then you'll, you'll not, you'll stop closing calls. You won't close calls. And then that will reinforce your belief that sales is hard. And then before you know it, after 30 of those with no clients, well that's a pretty f- well-formed belief, and it all started because of one shitty thing. Like, you know, beliefs are just a collection of experiences that don't actually represent (laughs) reality, honestly. Like, one thing said by one person one time could cause a belief to set in into your mind, and then you go out and look for things that confirm that belief. So, I mean a, a primary example here, when I was a kid, um, I remember someone telling me, I dunno, I was like e- eight or nine or something, I remember someone telling me that it's r- it's really difficult to learn to ride a bike. Right? And, and that person said it to me once. Now, it's not, it's not true. You know it's not true. If you ride a bike, it's not hard to ride a bike. Um, but if that one person says it to me one time, and I just, I just started to believe it was hard to ride a bike. So whenever I went to try and learn how to ride a bike with my dad, I was just like, "No, this is too hard. I can't do it. Uh, uh, this is, this is ridiculous. I can't, I can't, I can't do this thing." And then it was just, to begin with it wasn't that bad, and then eventually I was like, "I'm not riding a bike ever." Like, "I can't do this." I mean, now I can ride a bike. I got over it eventually. But when I... I mean, I do this a lot where I look at my current beliefs about my life, my business, the market, sales, anything. Basically, if something's not going the right way in your life, it's because you hold shitty beliefs around it. I did this recently with, with the gym, right? For example, um, I believed that, um, I'm just a, a slim guy who isn't able to lift heavy weights. Like, it's just my build. And like, I wanted to get stronger, so I just looked at my beliefs and realized there was a bunch of stuff holding me back, corrected those beliefs, and, and now I'm doing strong deadlifts and squats and stuff. Like, it was just a, it was just a little switch I had to turn on and off, like in my brain. Like, beliefs aren't the truth, and ev- your whole reality is built around the collection of beliefs that you hold. And beliefs are malleable, and you can change them to get what you want in life. So sometimes if you want to make a change in your behavior, or if you want to make a change in your life, all you have to do is look at the beliefs associated with one specific thing, in this case, for example, how much money your prospects have got, assess why the belief is really there. Like, if you believe that your market doesn't have enough money, then I'd ask you to show me the data. Why do you believe that to be true? And I, I can promise you, like, y- you probably haven't got any data to actually back that up. Like some... I get people come to me in the program where they're like, "Ah, Charlie, I, I don't think, um, Facebook ads works for, for realtors. I might change my niche. Like if r- r- realtors don't want to buy Facebook ads, Charlie, I wanna change my niche." I'm like, "Okay, well, why do you believe that?" And then they're like, "Uh, uh, I don't really know. Like I just, I just think that's the case. I, I'm assuming." I'm like, "Ah, so you're guessing." (laughs) You know, you're, you're making a, an integral key business decision around a guess. You have a faulty preconceived belief that Facebook ads don't work for realtors probably because you read it in some magazine somewhere sometime when you were a child, and now for some reason it's stuck. And every time you go and run Facebook ads for realtors, it doesn't work because you don't really want it to work because you believe that it shouldn't. And you're just confirming what you believe to be true. So, not to go off on too much of a tangent, but that's how beliefs work, and the same thing applies to sales. So here's an example. Okay, they're self-fulfilling. Here's an example. You do four sales calls with your new script and all four calls end in a no because they'd rather do it in-house. Okay? And then you then begin to believe that all the businesses in your niche want to take their marketing in-house. And then your actions and your behavior on the new calls you conduct skew the new calls towards this do-it-yourself route, 'cause that's what you fundamentally believe the prospect wants. And before you know it, everyone you speak to is saying, "I'd rather (laughs) do it in-house."Okay. This is, this is how it works. It's the same thing. If you do four calls and you get four people say they can't afford it, and you start to think that your prospects can't afford it, then before you know it, every single call you do, you're, you're skewing it into the direction of them not being able to afford it. And then that's basically becomes your reality. Like, the way you perceive reality isn't necessarily the truth (laughs). You know, people's, people's understanding of the world is, is, is, seldom is it actually an accurate representation of what the world is really like and what's, what's actually objective in nature. Uh, but the same thing applies to sales. And similarly, if you believe that your prospect has no money pre-call or during the call, then you'll skew the call towards that. So if you get on a call with someone and then, like for example, in the gym space, if, if, so we've got on a call with someone and they said they've currently got 20 members, th- that's not very many members by industry standard. And if I started to think, "Oh, this guy hasn't got any money. He's not gonna be able to afford my service. You know, he's, yeah, he's definitely not gonna buy," early on in the call, like if I start judging the prospect, then like it's gonna, uh, I, I'll just, 'cause when I get to the close, I won't have boldness or conviction in my voice. I'll probably say, "Oh, I understand you might not be able to afford this." And I'll just start to create all this bullshit (laughs) to, to confirm what I already think is true. And like I said, a recent example, a personal recent example of this was me doing five to six calls in the agency space to find out people wanted Done For You, right? It wasn't true. It was just, uh, an objection, and I began to believe this. And before I knew it, everyone wanted Done For You. And it wasn't until I caught this faulty belief and corrected my behavior that this was fixed. So you cannot afford to come into these sales calls with beliefs that you formed without data. And this feeds back into limited quantity, because if you c- you conform beliefs around your market, you can do that, but you can only do it when you've done 30 full calls, right? So if you do 30 calls and you use the script and you do it step by step, and you then find out that nobody has any money, then it could actually be the truth and an accurate representation that your market doesn't have any money. Maybe your niche just is, is broke. Now, this, n- nobody really doesn't have the money. Like, if someone can't afford it, it's just because they don't see the value in what you're doing. But there will be some, there, there can be times where you, you go to a niche or a market, you do 30 calls, and you get no sales for one specific reason, and then that specific reason could be the truth. But you shouldn't worry about that. You should be glad that you found the truth so you can stop making the same mistake. So that's how it works. And faulty preconceived beliefs are extremely dangerous, and if you form them early on, they will plague all of your calls. And simply put, if you believe it, it will come true. Okay? Your hypothesis affects your outcome. Now, you can use this in a very positive way. You know, these, it's just mental feedback loops, like what you think is what you think about, and what you think about is what you act on, and what you act on is, is obviously gonna have an influence on the result. So if you believe that your niche is abundant, if you believe that you don't have to worry about competition, if you believe that sales are easy to make, if you believe that objections are easy to overcome, if you believe that appointments are easy to set, then guess what? It's gonna be easier to do all of those things, because fundamentally you believe it to be true. And it's been my observation that whatever we believe to be true becomes true with the work. The key there is with the work. You need to (laughs) work at this stuff. You can't just manifest stuff into reality without doing anything. That's not how it works. But my point there is you're not gonna do anything to manifest anything if you don't believe you can manifest it in the first place. So quite deep, but I mean, this, this stuff is deep. You know? (laughs) We can't, you know ... Sales and stuff, like convincing people to buy things from us is one thing, but understanding the core founding principles of the psychology that allow you to do that is another, and we have to sort of explore this. So this happens due to feedback loops. Like, the reason it comes true if you believe it is because of feedback loops. So what we have here is a positive feedback loop, um, where basically on the left here we have a preconceived belief, and then on the right we have a call outcome. Um, and these two things influence each other, because as you can see at the top here, you believe the call will end in a no. Like, if you believe the call will end in a no for a specific reason, therefore you're gonna bias the call to go in that direction. So your preconceived belief of what the call is gonna go like has an influence on the outcome of the call. And then the outcome of the call has an influence on your preconceived belief, because the only reason you have a preconceived belief about something is because someone said no to you in the first place. So then you go to another call and you repeat the whole cycle, and it just becomes a complete feedback loop. You know? You see at the bottom here where it says, "Call ends in a no," confirming your belief and strengthening it. And if you, if you think that ... Let's just take, um, just take an objection, right? If you're being plagued by one specific objection, any one, it's, it's never really due to, like, the rebuttal you're using or anything. It's just probably because you don't think it can be overcome, honestly. And because you believe that, every time you go into a call and someone says that objection, you're just like, "Oh, shit. There it is again. I can't do anything about that." So you do nothing about it, because you believe that nothing can be done, and then the call ends in a no, and then that reinforces the fact the objection can't be overcome. So if you ever find, if there's like a, if there's like a, um, bottleneck, you know, in, in your sales process, just, just observe what it is rationally and then just look at the beliefs you have around that bottleneck, and it'll probably show you what the problem is. And that's honestly how it works. So continuing on from the slide before, when conducting calls, you must keep your emotions in check and avoid getting emotional about the outcome of the call. Okay? Your agency will not grow if you form beliefs and predictions about your niche, script, or business based on a select few prospects saying no. You cannot accurately judge anything until you've done at least 30 calls. So I had this before, for example, with the script, where I asked, um, I asked someone how much money they wanted to make. Or sorry, I asked someone how much money they were making with their business, and they told me that it was none of my business and they were never gonna tell me. And that was the one call I'd done out of thousands, right? And that one experience stuck with me, and every time I asked that question, I'd ask it with a little bit of timidity. I would always be scared to ask it. And then sometimes people would say, "Oh, I don't wanna tell you." But it was, it was that one time that started to lead off to this little cascading belief that people don't want to ex- explain how much money they're making, but to the point where I eventually stopped asking the whole question altogether, which completely ruined my, all my calls. And up until that call where someone told me they wouldn't tell me, I'd done hundreds of calls before that asking the question absolutely fine. And it was just one person saying they wouldn't tell me that made me doubt my process. So I doubted it, and then next time I went to do it, it wasn't very powerful, and then it didn't work, and they didn't tell me, and it reinforced that people wouldn't tell me. So you see how this stuff works? Now, I, I, I quickly caught that and noticed it when my conversion rate dropped. I was like, I'm like a, I'm like an absolute, um, I'm like an absolute, like, killer on this thing. Like if I'm, if I'm looking at my conversion rate at the end of the month and it's not like above what it should be, I'm, I'm like on the edge of my seat to find out what's gone on. So when I (laughs), when I noticed that my conversion rate had dropped from like 30 to like 20 or something, I'm like, "What the hell is going on here?" And then I just looked and I was like, "Oh, I stopped asking that question." Like, this stuff becomes very obvious. Um, but, you know, I, I, like it wasn't, it wasn't an accurate representation. So you cannot accurately judge anything until you've done at least 30 calls. So if your first call you do is a train wreck, and if your prospect is rude to you and horrible to you, then you've probably just gotten lucky, because not many people are like that. You probably go 29 calls and they'll go absolutely fine. So remember, you can have a ton of back-to-back nos. You could have eight back-to-back nos, and this won't really mean anything. And the only thing that means anything is the average, and the average won't show itself in a small dataset. So eight is a small da-

... to set, okay? Do not let your negative emotions manifest into shitty beliefs that aren't an accurate depiction of reality only for them to spiral out of control and ruin your agency. Because, honestly, if, if your, if your agency isn't growing, it's probably just because you've got one or two beliefs in your mind that are holding you back. And you're, you're behaving in accordance to those beliefs, and all you've gotta do is root them out and phone them and, and just sort of put them out in the open and question them. (laughs) Just, if you, if you believe the, um, there's, if you believe there's too much competition in the market, then look at that belief and, and ask yourself why you believe it. And it's probably just because you follow your competitors and all you ever see in your Facebook news feed is your competitors' posts, so you just believe the only thing that ever is in business is your competitors. Not true, 'kay? That belief you've built is not accurate and it's holding you back. And the best thing you can do is stick to the 30-call rule and never waive it in your process despite any amount of uncertainty or emotion. So if you're doing the 30 calls, you're gonna, your, your brain will kick and scream along the way. You know, it's, it's like you're gonna be doing these calls, you might get to call like 15 and you'll start itching to, to make a change. Y- you'll notice, you'll just start to, like, shake a bit, like, "I really wanna change that question. I really wanna edit my pitch. I really think that I need to change this," or, "I've just received this objection, I need to change this." It's like, you just, you're gonna start to experience the uncertainty and the emotion as you go through this process, and it's extremely difficult to stay disciplined and not do it. But it's imperative that you do, because any judgments or beliefs formed before 30 calls will be inaccurate and will create never-ending self-fulfilling prophecies. So, you know, a belief has efficacy when it's grounded in data. Efficacy just means, like, it's close to the truth, really. Um, so don't get to call 17 only for one prospect to say something and then you feel like you have to change everything because of that one call. Don't get to call, don't get to call 17 t- to have found that you've got 17 back-to-back nos and then change your script entirely. Because for all you know, the next five calls could be closes, and then you might have another loss and then another, another load of closes. So you, you gotta stick to 30. I know I keep repeating myself, but you just, it's just absolutely imperative that you don't forget this. Because I can, I know what it's like, I know w- so many people do this where they're like, "Yeah, okay," they get to like call 19, like 18, and they s- they s- start twitching and, and tweaking and, and making changes around, you know, when they haven't really got the data to do that yet. It's, it's a trap, and, you know, it will... You know, when you make these changes, th- they, you usually stray further away from what actually works. So cause number three, um, and the, the thing that, you know, also ruins salespeople is no tracking and no evolution. So no tracking and no evolution means you are not consistently recording your calls or taking notes on what's working and what isn't. And this means you can't evolve your script as you do not have any reliable feedback that is an accurate representation of the truth. You must record your calls and use the script modification feedback sheet we provided in earlier training videos to know what the hell is actually going on. So if you remember from previous training videos, we gave you this, the script feedback form, um, where you've got your 30 calls and then you've got all of these questions where you've got to fill in the blanks. And, um, you know, do this over the course of 30 calls. And, and I'm not just saying print it out once and just write a little couple of notes in here. Like, I'm talking this, this thing should be like a holy book for you, you know? It should be like the thing that you, you live and breathe. You just s- should sleep next to this thing for the next however many days you're doing these, these calls over, okay? And, you know, it's this thing, it's this feedback form that allows us to get an accurate depiction of, of what's going on, like. Because I can promise you that if you do 30 calls, you'll get to call 30 and you'll probably only remember the past few calls that have happened. (laughs) Like, you'll just forget everything about the previous ones. And if you haven't got the recordings to go back and remind yourself, then you're gonna fail because the human memory is very fallible. And if you're tracking this data but not using it to iterate your script and therefore evolve it, you'll also fail. So I fell into this trap as well myself where I would record my calls, but I wouldn't really do anything with the recordings. You know, we've, we've got, we've got recordings that nobody even listened to. Like, we just, we just completely forgot that we had to go back and listen to them and iterate. You know, we got comfortable with our conversion rate and we, we stagnated. And most people fail because they don't improve. They stagnate and plateau. They stay fixed at a conversion rate for the rest of their days and can't break out of it. And the only way to break free and break a plateau is to track everything and actually listen to the feedback so you can make adjustments that are rooted in the truth. So the last thing you want is to make adjustments that decrease your conversion rate, and that happens all the time, where people just don't have the reliable feedback to actually make any changes to, to, to improve. And then they, they like kind of do a call and they're like, "Oh, I'm gonna change this," like just completely randomly with no, you know, with no reliable framework. And then they change it and then things go worse and they're like, "Oh, well, uh, if things are worse, I need to change this as well." Instead of going back to what they were doing originally that was doing better, they change something else and then they get even deeper into the hole. And then after four or five iterations of that, they forget where they r- even were before, and they're like worse off. So, yeah, that's how it works. And in addition to recording your calls, um, taking notes, and using the resource we provided to log the c- the call feedback, we can use the sales performance tracker. So, now let's talk about tracking your performance. So that's, that's the three causes. Um, the first one is no tracking and evolution, which basically means, um, not recording your calls, not using the script modification tool, and basically not making any changes to your script once it's done. Um, the other one, the second one, is faulty preconceived beliefs and going into calls with preconceived ideas and notions of what the truth is without any accurate understanding of what it actually is. Um, and the other one, if you remember, is limited quantity, so basically not having enough calls to do 30 in the first place. These are the things that will screw you over. But the other thing that will screw you over is not tracking your performance, and you don't...You can't know your conversion rate un- unless you can actually see it (laughs) because if you're like, "Oh, yeah," like honestly, this happens so often. I'm on a call with agency owners and in, in the, in the call I ask them, I'm like, "Okay, so what's your sales conversion rate based on the last however many calls you've done?" And they're like, "I dunno, probably around like, like 25%?" And I'm like, "Okay. And how many calls have you done in the last 30 days?" And they're like, "Uh, probably like 10, I guess." And I'm like, "Dude, you need some help. Like you, you need to know this stuff." Like, uh, uh, the business you have is ... And the success of your business depends entirely upon these metrics and you don't even know them. Now, that's not me judging anyone that doesn't track their metrics, but honestly, like things are gonna be a hell of a lot easier for you if you do. So like the reason that I can record these videos and say that I'm- I truly know what I'm doing is because I've got the data to back it up. I can look at my data and be like, "Oh, yeah. Average conversion rate of 40%. I think I kind of know what I'm doing here." You know? (laughs) How can you, how can you have-h-hire a salesperson? How can ... How do you know if they're effective or not? Well, you just look at their conversion rates, the most reliable and the quickest metric to assess the, the quality of someone's sales abilities. Um, and if you don't track and if you don't know, then well, you're basically blind. And you're ... It's like trying to drive your business blindfolded. Like honestly, it, it, it's like you're trying to like drive a car blindfolded rather. Like it's probably more dangerous to do that than run a business blindfolded. So let's talk about tracking your performance. Um, so what we've got here is a spreadsheet and, um, this is called the Sales Performance Tracker. It's an extremely simple spreadsheet. It doesn't require much brain power to use. Um, and what you want to do here is bookmark this spreadsheet. If you look here, I've got my sales tracker here. I, I use it pretty much every damn day. Um, and what you want to do is bookmark this thing. Um, first of all, go to file and make a copy. Make, make sure you change the name and the month and the year and everything. Um, and you want to use this thing every day. So after you conduct a call, here's what you want to do. So you want to put the date of the call, the name of the person, the source of the lead, the amount of money that you've, you've pitched them or closed them for, the call length, the recording link, the outcome, your emotions, the conclusion, notes, and contact information. So if I go over to this sp- this, this one here, for example, let's do it from, from afresh Um, so what you want to do here is y- you're gonna do this month by month, right? So we want to track our data in accordance to the months. It's just the easiest way for us to, to, to clearly define like whether we've done better or not is just to do it month by month, to be honest. Um, so what you'll do here is you'll open up your spreadsheet and for call one, first of all you're gonna put the date in. So after you've conducted a phone call, I mean, this literally takes like 30 seconds and it's the most bloody profitable thing you can do, um, in sales, is just track. So first of all, you put the date in. So for example, today is the, um ... if I get rid of these, today is the 1st of March. Um, so I would put 03/01/'21. So you want to do this in American date format. So I know if you're in the UK or Europe, this might be painful to do, um, but it's just for the sake of tracking, um, and for the spreadsheet. So just do it in American date format, which is where you put the, um, the month first. So we put the 1st of March, um, simple. Then we put the name of the persons, so let's just put, um, John B., for example. Then we put the, the source, uh, which could be Loom. And then the other thing we put here is the pricing or the pitch. Um, so if we're selling a retainer, we could just put 2,000 times three If he's paying us $2,000, um, o- over three installments, then we just put 2,000 f- times, times three. And then we've got call length. So this is cool here because what you want to do, basically, your, your calls should be going for at least 45 minutes. And when I've looked back over my data, every single c- call that I've closed has gone for at least 45 minutes. Now, yes, there's the ex- there's the odd exception where it's gone for like 20 and it's closed, but those, those are very far and few between. You do not want to, to go looking for those ones, um, because if you try and close it in 20 minutes, it won't close. But you want to put in here the, the call length. So if you start coming in here and you start putting in 25 and then 30 or like fif- like 25 or like 30, whatever, then you'll notice that you're doing something wrong because you're probably skipping a section in the script or not giving people enough time to actually answer or you're just, you know, not doing it properly. So let's say that's 45. Then what we've got is the recording link. So what I do here usually is, um, I'll either record the Zoom meeting that I'm doing, like I just use audio, so I'll record an audio file If I'm on Skype, I'll use a call recorder. Um, but usually if, if, if I'm on Skype or something, I can just record it on my, on the voice memos on my phone, like with notifications off and everything on my phone, so it's just recording. And then I'll u- I'll upload it to a Google Drive and then I just grab the link and put it in here. So this is because what you can do at the end of the month, if you want to fi- if you want to find a recording link like quickly or if you want access to it quickly, it's just in here. So I'd recommend you do that. Um, then what we've also got, so I could just put, um, drive link here. Then what we've also got is the outcome. So the outcome is either won or it's lost. There is no such thing as maybe or perhaps. No. If you do not close them on the first call, then they are lost. Does that mean they won't come back and buy? No. They, they can come back. A loss can turn into a won, but this is binary, okay? It's won or lost. If you end the call with someone and they say they're going to buy from you in the next two days and you haven't got their money yet, then it's still lost. Until you have that money in your account and until they've given you credit card details and you've processed that payment into your Stripe account or bank account, then you have not closed them. Get out of this idea that people might buy from you if, if you give them time It's won or it's lost. And this doesn't mean, you know, if, if, if it's lost and then they come back and buy, then you can always come and switch it to wonBut the last thing you want is to, to skew the metrics so that you can feel comfortable with yourself, and live in denial. Don't do it. Maybe will not do. Then you've also got my emotions. So this is really, really, really important to track. Um, honestly, for most of my calls now, I just put fine because I've sort of been able to detach myself emotionally from the call, the outcome of it. Um, but if you, you know, if you're feeling... If, if this is lost, for example, and you're on a losing streak and you feel frustrated, then just put frustrated. Right? And if you need to, like, expand on this a bit, then just right-click, press Insert Note, and just start typing away. So you could be like, "Frustrated, feel like I'm going around in circles, and I'm really doubting my product, and the lead quality isn't great. I'm getting angry." Blah, blah, blah. I know my spelling's off here. But honestly, the best strategy for overcoming emotions is just noting them and writing them down. So, this applies for positive and negative emotions. If you feel amazing, over the moon, you wanna write it down. If you feel happy, write it down. If you feel angry, write it down. Just note how you feel. Okay? So, you know, it's, it's really, really important because what you can do here is you'll notice as you... And this, this is important for the first few months. I mean, eventually, once you master this thing, you won't really have to. I still do it because it's, it's, it's one of the main things that's helped me get to where I am. Um, but what you'll start to notice is you'll notice little patterns. So if you go on a losing streak, you'll notice you're probably fine for a while, and then it will say frustrated. And so what you can learn is your threshold for emotion. So you'll be like, "Ah, so typically it takes six calls before I start to get pissed off." And it's the same thing where you've got, like, oh, you're on a winning streak. It's like, "Oh, it's three calls before it starts getting to my head. And then I do something to fuck it up." And then, so you can start to notice these patterns just by writing one or two words in here. So it doesn't have to be at length, but honestly, like, it's, there's nothing more therapeutic than, you know, having a really bad sales call, feeling really bad about it or really angry or, you know, apathetic or whatever, and just coming in here and just typing to your heart's content. There's no limit to this. No one else is gonna see it. It's just very useful for you to understand how you feel. And as you hire salespeople, what you can have is a different spreadsheet for each salesperson, and then it's also important for you to be able to manage them. And the best thing to manage with salespeople is just their emotional state. And the easiest way to do that is to understand exactly how they feel in real time. So just get them to write it down as well. The next thing is conclusion. Um, this is basically like the conclusion of the call. So it could be like, "Closed, money taken, onboarding sent tomorrow." Okay. Um, and you'd write that in. If, if it was like follow up due Wednesday, God forbid, then you'd follow up. Okay. Um, that's how that works. And then we've also got here is notes. Um, so here you just type in any information specific to the prospect. The main thing, like, you want to have in here is their current situation, the desired situation, the obstacle that's holding them back, and just a bit more information about their business. So here's a few examples here. You know, doesn't have to be loads of, loads of information. Um, you know, you can keep your notes relatively concise, but like if, if for example, it's their grandmother's birthday, then you might want to just make a note of it because if you talk to them in the future, you can ask them how that was. And it just... Those little things go a long way. They're not massively significant, like they don't really matter too much, um, but it's nice to have notes from the prospect and it's fairly self-explanatory Um, then contact information. So, you know, just put their phone number in here. And that's really it. I mean, it's not, it's not particularly complicated to use. Um, and then what you've got here is a very simple function, um, that basically, you know, if you put, um, different dates in here, then it will start to count up how many calls you've done. So how many calls you've done is in accordance to how many dates you've got in here in American format. Okay. Um, then it will also tell you how many calls you've won, how many calls you've lost, and it will give you a closing rate. And as you see here, it says that the closing rate has no efficacy unless 30 calls have been conducted. So if you get 10 calls in and your closing rate is 5% or 0% or 100%, then understand that it doesn't really have any efficacy until 30 calls have closed, or conducted, sorry. Okay. So that's the, um, the sales performance tracker. Um, very simple to use. Whenever you want more of these, you just come here and just press duplicate. Um, and then, you know, you'll, you'll just sort of put it in here, you put the month in, um, and then away you go. And then what I'd advise you do is have one for each independent year. For Northflow, we've got one for, for the past three years. And like, honestly, no agency has this data. Like once you can, once you can start filling this out, once you're doing like 90 to 100 calls a month and you've got exact data on everything, it's crazy Just have the same thing over here as well. One more other little sheet we've got is no-shows and bad calls. Um, this is just to log people that don't show up or the calls that just aren't a good fit, right? So if someone just goes off on a bit of a rampage for you three minutes into the call, then you would just log it. You still want to log it, but it doesn't really count. Okay. So if you... If, for example, um, I was in the gym niche and, um, I reached out to someone, they booked a call and they were a plumber, right? I would end the call, but I, I'd probably still just write it in here 'cause we want to account for the calls that we book through Calendly. Um, and over time you, you'll just build up a little bank of calls that, you know, were bad or haven't showed. Now you don't... If, if a call doesn't close, like if it's still a decent fit or if, if it still resembles your niche and doesn't close, then you still put it in here. You don't want to start using this, this sheet here to load off the calls that haven't closed so that you can skew this number to make yourself sleep well at night, because that's living in denial. So be careful with this stuff, use it wisely. Um, and remember, won or lost is the only thing in the outcome section, um, and you'll be fine. So you can just delete these, this data in here when you start. So that's the performance tracking. Okay. Super simple, super important, um, and that's how it works. So now that we've explored the oscillation of doubt and now that we've explored sales Armageddon and the three main reasons for going extinct as salespeople, um, let's wrap it all up And let's bring it together in one cohesive understanding, um, and start looking at solutions. Because awareness is, is really the key to the solution. But once you're aware of this stuff, like what do you actually do with it and how do we solve these problems? Or more importantly, how do we prevent them from happening? So this shouldn't really say solution, it should more say prevention, because prevention's better than cure. So let's wrap this up and tie it all together. How do we overcome the oscillation of doubt and how do we avoid going extinct from one of the three causes of sales Armageddon? So solving the oscillation of doubt and avoiding extinction. So for the oscillation of doubt in general, the number one rule is just awareness, okay? Just understanding this thing is all you have to do to overcome it. Honestly, like sometimes just the, the way to get yourself out of a rational, uh, out of an irrational state is just to become rational. So you must be aware of the oscillation of doubt, and you must be aware of why it occurs. The core founding principle, um, to this is regression to the mean. And we know that averages don't show themselves in small datasets, hence why we experience winning and losing streaks. So, next time you have a losing streak or next time you have a winning streak, just recognize it as a natural, like, as, as natural behavior of the trend that you're working through at the moment. Like, it's just the way numbers behave. If you're on a losing streak, it's nothing personal, the world isn't against you, your niche isn't going down the toilet, your business isn't failing, it's just simply the numbers doing what they do

And if you're gonna get emotional about numbers doing what they do, then you might want to take a long, hard look at running a business. Okay. So now that you're aware of why it happens and how it works, you- you're pretty much good to go. The only reason that this will, will overcome you is if you forget it. In fact, I can guarantee that you probably will forget this at some point. You might find in a year from now that you start doubting your business, you know, you start making these mistakes. And when that happens, just remember this video and come back to it. This, this training, this whole week has been, you know, dedicated to, to helping you learn, but it's also been dedicated to helping you remember. You know, you need to be reminded more than you need to be taught. So, y- you know, I've, I still fall prey to this stuff. Like, teaching it is, is awesome because it makes me much less likely to forget it. But, you know, print this thing off, screenshot this slide, print it off, so the next time you come to a slump, or next time you start making mistakes or have some, some blundering issue in your business or sales process, it's probably due to one of these. So, quantity. How do we overcome the issue of limited quantity? So you do not know if you are right or wrong about anything to do with your script, business, niche, or offer, guarantee, or anything related to your sales process until you've done at least 30 sales calls. So I, I know I might have butchered that sentence a bit, but basically, you don't know if you're right or wrong about anything to do with your business until you've done at least 30 calls. So quantity will also pull you out of a rut, and it's the only way to win, because the only way to lose is to give up. So really, if you want to win in sales, then just keep going and just have the discipline and the commitment to continuously work on this thing until it bloody works for you. If you've got, if you've got people, if you can just consistently book calls, and if you've got enough quantity, then nothing will stop you. Even if you have terrible beliefs, even if you're not evolving your script, even if you're not aware of the oscillation of doubt, just having people to talk to will put you up in the top, like, 10th percentile of agency owners anyway. Like, quantity is the most important thing. There's no point in understanding all this stuff if you haven't got calls coming through. Because the, you can, you can have the best understanding of this stuff, but if you haven't got anything to practice on, then you're gonna be in trouble. And efficacy. So, efficacy, as you remember, means, like, close, um, association to the truth. So you must only make decisions and form beliefs when you've conducted at least 30 calls. And you can only do this when you've listened back to them and taken accurate notes on each one. Never take any judgments or beliefs seriously until you've conducted at least 30 calls. So this, this one here is to address the second point of faulty, uh, mis- misconceptions and, and faulty preconceived beliefs. It's just, make sure that the beliefs and decisions that you make are based around efficacy. And efficacy is just an accurate understanding of reality, and the only way you can accurately understand reality is to have enough data to support your, your understanding, really. So, 30 calls. The 30-call rule is, honestly, this thing will save your ass. If you start making decisions outside of the 30-call rule, then they're gonna be wrong and you're gonna fail. So as long as you stick within this rule, you'll be fine. Number four, evolution. So how do we overcome the issue of, of stagnation and, and having no tracking and no evolution? Well, I mean, it's simple. Evolution itself is, you must record all of your calls, you must listen to feedback, and then you must make iterations and improvements to your script to keep pace so that you can evolve. If you stay where you are, you will get left behind. Honestly, if, if, like, the, the, the thing that really gets people in business is, is, is, like, complacency. Like, they find something that works kind of okay, and then they think that if they just keep doing that, then it's gonna be fine for them. But honestly, man, you give it a year, like, it won't work. (laughs) Like, you have to be terrified of time and you have to just constantly, constantly evolve. Because a surefire way to, to mess up your business is to never evolve or adapt or change. Okay? Things are always changing. And yes, there are core founding principles in sales. Yes, the script will work for you if you just keep using it. But, uh, if your, if your competition are constantly evolving, if the market's continuously adapting and you don't move with it, then you're screwed. And you won't be able to move with it unless you have accurate feedback that tells you where it's moving. So the only way you know where to move in business is by understanding the market and the only way you can understand the market is by doing sales calls and the only way you can actually truly get the most out of those sales calls and that feedback is to, um, record them and listen to them. So that's how we solve everything. That's the solution to the oscillation of doubt and that's how we avoid extinction in sales. Like, if you can just, if you can do these things, if you can have a lot of, if you can be aware of this and maintain that awareness in your conscious mind all the time and just be on guard for this stuff, like if, like, you're just, th- it's kind of like nothing gets past you emotionally. If you can be aware, if you can have a good quantity, like if you can just consistently generate lots of calls and have enough calls to make good decisions, if you can base your beliefs around efficacy and if you can make decisions on data and if you can consistently listen to feedback and evolve and track your calls, then nothing will stop you. You will become an absolute machine. And I would, I would not want to be your competition is all I say. And you can see how important this stuff is because no course teaches you this stuff. Like, there's, there's... I mean, we've learned this from very, very, very, very clever mentors so it's out there, but it's, in the agency space at the moment, no one talks about this. No one talks about this. You get, especially, you get like a, a c- a script if you're lucky, like a couple of questions and maybe how to write a pitch and, and that's it. You know, people don't dive this deep. And, and now you're, now you've, you've taken this dive with me here on this call, or sorry, on this, on this, um, video. Well, now you understand it and you're gonna be able to run rings around your competition consider- if you actually apply it. And simply put, govern yourself, your beliefs, and your decisions with data, not emotions. So that honestly, if you want to become a millionaire, the easiest way to do that is to just control your emotions and, you know, to get to, to the, to get to seven figures, all you have to do is make the right decisions.That's it. You have to have good beliefs. You have to have beliefs that first of all, you have to believe it's possible. And then the second thing is you have to just do it and you have to make decisions to do it, and you have to make decisions in your business. And, like, if you, if you make those decisions on emotion, then you are never ever gonna win. It's kind of like our brain... It's kind of like, like our brain tries to play a game with us. It's like, "Ha. Let's see if you fall for this one. Like, I'm gonna throw a load of, a load of emotions at you and, and see if you drown in them because, you know, you, you don't deserve to succeed until you overcome these." And it's like, it's kind of messed up really (laughs) because if we didn't have these emotions, everyone would be much further ahead. But the problem is, is that emotions serve a purpose. Like, you know, they're necessary, um, and they were more necessary when we were evolving, like, you know, uh, hundreds of thousands of years ago. Like, these emotions, they kept us alive. But nowadays, these emotions, they, they just hinder us and they hold us back because the emotion of fear, like, if you look at a phobia, uh, for example, like a phobia of a, of a s- snake, you know, it's not exactly necessary to have that phobia anymore. But back in the day when we were on the African plains fighting for survival, a fear of snakes would probably have kept you alive because you wouldn't have gone near snakes. But now it's kind of irrational because you don't need it. So, all these emotions that you feel, just understand that, like, you're feeling them because, because they, they helped, like, humans survive millions of years ago, and we are no longer in that time, so these emotions are primitive. They were necessary then, but now they're not so much. Like there's... Do you see this where people start getting anxious at the most random stuff? Like it's like you're just scrolling through you're do... You're, you're going through emails and then just this wave of anxiety overcomes you, and it's like, this doesn't really serve a purpose. And as soon as you realize that, you'll notice that there's no need for it and then you can, you can control it. So govern yourself with data, not emotions. Just regulate your behavior and your decisions and everything you do with data and ignore the emotions. So that's that. And now let's wrap this video up by giving you some practical tips for emotional management. So, over my... Over the past few years whilst we've been building Northflow and whilst I've been running agencies and scaling them, emotions have been a big problem for me and they have been for every other agency owner, um, and every other business owner. Like honestly, like, managing your emotions is a, is an absolute task (laughs) to do as a, as a business owner because, because you're tied so closely to the business. If something goes wrong in the business, it feels like it's an attack on you as the owner, and you start panicking and getting worried And if something goes well in the business, then it feels like it's gone well in your life and then you feel great. So, we want to understand how to manage these emotions and we don't, we don't want to not feel them because emotions, w- we can't not feel them. It's kind of impossible. But we want to be aware of them, and we want to bring them to our conscious awareness so that we can, we can analyze them and see if they're actually necessary. Um, otherwise they're gonna just run our lives. So let's talk about some practical tips for emotional management, um, specifically to running an agency and specifically to making sales. So now you should understand the core principles to the, uh, to the oscillation of doubt and sales Armageddon. And now let's explore some practical tips you can implement in your day-to-day life to keep your emotions in check and manage your mind. So, I've got I think eight of these, but these are practical tips for emotional management, part one. So there's two parts, uh, two slides, but the first one, and by far the most important, is diet. I cannot even begin to explain the influence diet has had on my business. As soon as I stopped eating crap food, as soon as I cut out all the crap, I went from, from this, this ne- being this anxious, neurotic guy to just someone who could just clearly see what was going on. Like, diet is the most important thing when it comes to everything in your life. Your, your discipline, your willpower, your emotional control, e- everything revolves around diet because you've gotta realize that as a human being, you are made up of organic matter, right You are, you are literally made up of organic matter, and all of your cells and everything inside of you has been produced by what you've consumed because there's no way for you to, to, to grow and, and, and make cells and stuff and, and grow if you haven't consumed matter, organic matter to do that. Like, you can't make organic matter artificially. I mean, literally speaking. Um, so if you eat crap food, then you are crap. Now, I don't mean that as you're a bad person, but if you eat loads of shitty foods, then you're gonna have shitty outputs, okay? And the, the relationship, if I consume lots of sugar and lots of processed foods one day, then the next day I am all over the place emotionally, and I'm usually quite stable. I can usually sort of hold my emotions in check, but the only time I find it difficult most of the time is just because I've eaten rubbish food. So, diet. Stop eating crappy food. Stay away from processed foods and sugars or sugary and fatty foods. I always find that when I eat lots of sugar, my emotions go haywire and I'm turbulent. Um, I'm always the most turbulent the day after I've eaten sugar. And my best weeks in sales come when I've cleansed myself of sugary snacks and processed foods for at least 72 hours. So, I do that now where, like, I, I'll kind of... My diet, generally speaking, from, from Monday through to Saturday evening is just ruthlessly clean I don't touch anything bad and I mean that. I don't, I don't eat crisps. I don't eat chocolate. I don't eat sweets, anything like that. I, I, I won't even have, like, sugary, um, sugary sauces with my food. Like I just, I won't drink sugary drinks. I, I don't even drink coffee anymore, right? I've taken this thing to the knife's edge. I'll eat crappy food sometimes on Sundays when it's my day off and I'm sort of relaxing because you, you... The... That sort of discipline isn't natural to hold. You need to sort of introduce that stuff to your body, otherwise it's just not right. You can't take anything to an extreme, but honestly, like w- I always find that my best..... sale. If I look back over my data, li- 'cause this is all based on data, right? If I look back over my data, the best sales days that I have are Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday. And usually, it's Thursday and Friday, because I eat crap on Sunday, right? (laughs) I'll eat, like, sugary foods and stuff on, on Sunday, and, and I'll eat what I want really. Um, then Monday, I'm usually kind of turbulent. I mean, I'm okay now. I don't eat loads of rubbish. It's, it's not li- it's not that bad. Tuesday, I'm sort of just about getting over the sugar, and then by Wednesday, it's kind of like all the sugar and all of the fatty foods and all the processed salt and stuff has been worked out of my system. And then, like, by Thursday and Friday, it's like I can just... The level of clarity that you have is just, I mean, it's, it's unprecedented. Like, seriously, just give it a go. Like, go, go a full two weeks without eating any crap food. Like, I promise you, it will change your life. Like, the clarity and the focus and the emotional stability that you will gain from not eating sugar is, is just, it's out of this world. Like, it's almost like you can just, you can just s- see the answers and everything. Like, it's just your focus, your willpower, your, your perception of... It just, it's, it's ridiculous. I can't, I can't speak enough, like, how much good it's done for me. Um, and I, I used to sort of get up in the morning, and I'd eat like a massive bowl of sugary cereal, and then I'd have, like, loads of orange juice and stuff, and I'd drink coffee with sugar in it. And then I'd probably have, like, some sort of, like, donut or something, like, midway, like a snack, like, at like h- in early in the morning. And honestly, like, for the rest of m- the day, my, my emotions would just be up and down. Like, I'd be all over the place. And as soon as I... I mean, I fast now. I don't eat sugar anymore, but like, a- and stuff in the morning anymore. But like, as soon as I got rid of all that crap, like, I've just noticed that I am just in this perfect state of tranquility. I can conduct calls. I can do sales without being emotional, and it helps you run your business, seriously. So, you know, you are what you eat, literally. And that, that... I think a lot of people misunderstand that sort of saying, because what you are really is, is your consciousness, and your consciousness is directly influenced from, by your mood and your emotions. And if you just don't eat sugar, then, well, you're not gonna experience it. So it's kind of cool hack. Um, so diet. First of all, practical tip number one for emotional management is just stay away from the bad food. And honestly, if you don't believe me, there's, if you're thinking there's no way this is gonna have an influence, then I, I encourage you to just try it. Like, look at all the rubbish that you eat, and just replace it with healthy food, and watch what happens, seriously. So the second one is sleep. Um, this, this is up there with diet. I think these, thes- these are the two most important things, diet and sleep Like, if, if my sleep's off, I'm off. If my diet's off, I'm off, right? Same thing with Bo, same thing with our mentors. We... This is, this, this is, these are the two most important things. So you wanna take your sleep seriously. You wanna go to bed and wake up at the same time every damn day. That says every damn damm. It's supposed to say every damn day. But you want to aim for eight hours a night and guarantee yourself seven. So sleep is... I- it's just, it's, it's, it's so important. I mean, sleep is our brain's primary fuel for impulse resistance and emotional management. And those two things are just the same thing. And if you don't believe me, then try going a night without sleep, and then (laughs) conduct four to five calls that end in a no, and see what you think. See what happens. Seriously. If you just... Just the act of cleaning up your diet and, and getting proper sleep, just doing those two things alone will send you on your way to making so much more money. Like, the em- people seriously hinder themselves by eating bad food and not sleeping properly. Like, it is, it's, it's kind of crazy to think. I mean, most people aren't aware that, you know, they've, they've, they've been eating bad food. They haven't been sleeping very well for their whole life. Um, but when you clean this stuff up, and when you really sort of nail it, like, it will just, y- honestly, it will do so much good for you So if you, if you want to m- manage your emotions better, and if you want to sort of ha- I mean, have less emotion. Like, it will be less turbulent. Like honestly, if I've, if I've slept really well the whole week, and if I haven't eaten any bad food, I'm like, just tranquil. Like, I don't, I don't have any ups and downs. I don't have any massive doubt. I don't have any massive, like, spikes of confidence or doubt. I don't have any big waves. Like, something can, something that would be considered bad can happen. I won't really, like, react to it. I mean, I'll, I'll sort of see it objectively. Something amazing can happen. I'll, I'll feel good, of course, like, but I won't sort of get carried away with it. Like, these, these things are just... They will work wonders for you, okay? I know I've talked about it a lot, so I'm gonna, I'm gonna carry on to the next one here. But diet and sleep, man, just, just for the next 14 days... And I know that, like, everyone has these misconceptions that habits are hard to build. It's like, "Oh, yeah, I can't. You know, I can't s- go to bed earlier. I can't... You know, I have to have my morning, like, w- two sugars in my coffee." It's like, no, you don't. Those are just crappy beliefs that you've formed over a long period of time. It's your conditioning. Like, you can change that. Like, if it was... If that's what happened in the first place, it's only a result of conditioning, so just recondition yourself. So give those a go, have the discipline to do it, and it will help. So the next one is meditation. Um, meditation is, is... I mean, it's phenomenal. Like, you wanna meditate every day for 20 minutes and without fail, okay? You wanna sit down in a quiet room and shut your eyes, okay? This is how you meditate, really. It's not complicated. You sit down with a straight back, in a chair or whatever, and then you just shut your eyes, and you focus on your breath, um, and that's it. So you basically focus on where you feel your breath most prominent and hold your focus there So when I meditate, I feel my breath mostly in my nostrils, like, the front of my nostrils. So you sit down, you close your eyes, and you just focus on the in and outflow of your breath around your nostrils, wherever you feel it. It could be the rise and fall of your chest. And when your attention or thoughts wander from this point of focus, this pinpoint, then all you want to do is just notice the pull and bring it back. So if you're sat there, and you're focusing on your breath, and then you start thinking about something random, then you just catch this out- you catch the thought. And then you just... You don't really analyze it or think about it or react to it or judge yourself for having the thought. You just notice it. You think, "Okay, I'm thinking, and back to the breath." And that's all you do when you meditate. There's no... You don't, you don't have to make any strange noises or, or curl your fingers in a funny way. It's literally just focusing on one thing, and when you get distracted, noticing that you've got distracted and coming back to the breath. And this is cool, because if you do this for a long enough period of time, it will feel like hell to begin with, because the last time you sat down and did nothing for 20 minutes is, is, was probably when you were a child. Um, but it'll work wonders, because this way, when you're working and you notice an emotion, you'll bring yourself back to reality. So now, if I'm in the middle of something... Like, if, if, let's say I pick up a negative email from a potential, from a, from a client, right? When I'm running the agency. I pick up an email from a client, it's negative. They say perhaps they want to cancel or something Like, usually, for most people, that, that email, that stimulus will just t- send them off into a cascade of, of anxiety. But for me now, I'll read the email, and then I'll start to feel anxious, and then I'll notice the anxious thought. And I'll bring myself back to reality, which is, "Okay, well, that's, this is that. Let's solve the problem." Instead of getting all worked up about it, you just sort of become aware of your emotions, and then you can just bring yourself back. And it's the same thing when I'm working here, for example. You know, these, these videos... I'm, I'm not sure how long this video is exactly, probably about an hour and a half now. But I recorded this video in one whole sitting, and I have no distractions anywhere near me. And the reason I'm able to do that is because if I get distracted whilst, whilst, like, recording, I can just bring myself back to the recording. Like, I noti- e- ev- whenever there's a distraction now, I just notice it in my mind. I notice myself getting pulled away, and I bring myself back. So it's kind of really helpful for focus, meditation. And meditation is like the best thing you can do to improve your focus, and therefore efficiency. Um, but it's also helpful for your emotional management, because when you, when you start to become aware of your emotions, it's like you become aware of your unconscious mind. And until you make the unconscious

... conscious, it will rule your life, and you will call it fate." That's a quote from Carl Jung, and it's bloody true. So meditation, okay? Every day, 20 minutes, sit down, focus on the breath, do nothing else, turn everything off, sit in a dark room. And whenever you get distracted, back to the breath. And I don't care if you have to bring yourself back to the breath 16,000 times in one session. It's just the action of doing it consistently over and over again will transcend that, and you will eventually start to notice yourself doing that without realizing it when you are in a sales situation or when you feel emotional. So that's that. Now, next one is noting. Um, so this is simple. Just note your emotions in the sales tracker after every call while they're still hot. And just noting them will weaken them. So I covered this a little bit earlier, but basically if you, if you feel a negative emotion or a positive emotion, then just note that you're feeling it. And this, this sort of ties into the meditation thing. Honestly, most of emotional management is just knowing there's something to manage in the first place. So you have to become aware of these emotions. It's like when you're angry, for example, I- I'm really good at this now, where if I start, if I get angry, I mean, rarely do I get angry now, but if I get angry, I'll sort of notice it and I'm like, "Why am I angry?" Like, "What, how, what I'm actually angry at?" And then I'll be like, it's something like, I don't know, I've, I've dropped a spoon or something. I'm like, "Why am I angry at dropping a spoon?" And then it's like, "Yeah, I'm not angry anymore." (laughs) Like honestly, this is how this stuff works. Um, the other thing with noting is you can keep a journal. So I did this, um, early days, honestly, like when I was struggling emotionally, like with sales and stuff, I was petrified of everything. Um, I would just keep a little journal of whenever I started to notice a negative emotion rising up, I would just write it down in the journal and I'd sort of write about how I felt and what made me feel like it. Um, and over the course of like six months of doing that, everything started to just go away. So journaling's really helpful as well. Um, but I really th- I don't think it was the journaling that had the big impact. It was, it was when I changed the diet and the sleep. Like, those two things were, were like powerhouses for me. So part two, so volume, okay? So you want to build systems that book lots of calls. That way, if you go on a losing streak, you know you have the quantity to regress back to your average and get out of a slump. So the most reassuring thing for any salesperson is to know they've got a lot of calls coming in. Like, if you, if you're like, if you're in a sales slump and you've got no calls lined up, like, you're gonna, you're gonna freak out. But if you're in a sales slump and you can see that you've got like six calls lined up for the next two days, then you'll be a bit more calm. You know, it's difficult to, to doubt yourself when you know that you've got more of, of what can actually make you succeed. So if you are, if you, if you keep finding yourself in a sales slump and you keep getting emotional about it, then if you've got more calls coming up, then remind yourself, but if you haven't, then make sure you've got more calls booked in. Because there's, there's nothing more relaxing for a salesperson than for them to know they've got lots of calls, okay? So if you want to sort of alleviate the stress and the doubt and the pressure, then just make, just get better at booking calls, and then just make sure you get lots of calls booked in. And that way if you, if you have a lot of back-to-back nos, it kind of feels okay because you know that you've got lots of, lots more opportunities to close. It's, it's unconscious. You won't really be aware of this, but trust me, it helps. The next one is the fat lady principle, and this is huge. Pun not intended. Um, never ever, ever, ever, and I'm gonna put another ever in there, never ever, ever, ever, ever celebrate a sale until the payment is processed. Okay? Don't do it. I cannot tell you how much havoc preemptive celebration has wreaked on me. Now, by preemptive celebration, I mean celebrating before a deal's actually closed. So if someone says they're gonna go ahead and they don't on the call, and they wanna buy in like a couple of days, don't believe them. Do not believe them until you have their credit card details processed and that money in your Stripe account or your bank account. You know, payment, people lie, but payments don't, okay? Like, what's, what's the saying? It's like, can you, you can walk the walk, sorry, you can talk the talk, but you, can you walk the walk? It's the same thing. Like, the, the saying is, it's not over till the fat lady sings. And this, the, the saying it's not over till the fat lady sings basically means that you shouldn't presume the outcome of, of an event that's still in progress. I'm not sure where that sale comes from. I think it's to do with like the opera or something, and then it's like, the opera's not over until the fat lady sings, and like people might have started to get ready to leave, but then there's, there's something at the end, I don't know. But my point here is like you're gonna have prospects that promise you to go ahead and they'll, and they'll use it to get out of the call as well. They'll, they're like little eels. They'll be like, "Yeah, I'm, I'm gonna go ahead. Call me back tomorrow." And then it's like, "Oh yeah, I've got a sale. Awesome. Yeah, I've got a call tomorrow. He's gonna buy. It's awesome." And then you call him, you, you try to call him back and then he just ghosts you, and there's nothing more painful than that, okay? And honestly, you've, you've probably made this mistake before. So get into the habit of never celebrating a sale until the payment's processed. I've had it before where I've had credit card details from people, and then they're like, "Yeah, um, just go ahead and process it tomorrow 'cause I'll have the money in there then," I do not count that sale as won until that money has gone through. So the sale is not made until the payment is processed. The sale is not made until the payment is processed. Do not celebrate preemptively, because you, you will do it, and the chances are if you don't get them on that first call, they will not buy. Now, does that mean to say that people will be honest and just ask you to process it tomorrow? Of, of course, it's gonna happen, like, and then you can celebrate it when it's actually gone through. But what will start to happen is you'll, you'll start to over-celebrate, because someone will tell you they wanna go ahead and you'll celebrate, and then if you close them the next day, then it feels like you've made two sales and you start skewing your per- your app- you, you start skewing your understanding of reality and you start overestimating your ability to sell. Now, that can work in your favor because it can actually make you more confident, but the last thing you want is to sort of have it carry across into the next month. So it's like, okay, I made four sales in March, and then I now made five sales in April, but the reality is you didn't make any sales in March because the sales in April were coming from the people who said they were gonna go ahead in April from March, if that makes sense, and you've sort of skewed your understanding. So...The fat lady principle, just don't celebrate a sale until it's processed, because it's painful if you celebrate it and it doesn't go through. It, it's almost just as- i- is worse actually, it's far worse, than them saying no. Like the pain you'll experience from getting your hopes up and then putting them down, is, is far greater than just putting them down in the first place. So, that's that. The next point is long-term averages. Okay? So don't pay any attention to your conversion rate unless it's at a monthly level and it's supported by significant volume, 30 calls minimum. So don't get emotional that you've had a down week or a down day. So I don't want anyone making any judgments about their ability to close deals or sell, or their script, or anything like that, until they've done at least 30 calls. And even then, like, I don't want you making judgments about your conversion rate on a daily, like a daily or weekly basis, even for positive reasons. So don't be like, "Oh, yeah, I've closed like, I've closed like 60% this week. Wow, I'm an amazing salesperson." Whereas like, well, what if the next three weeks are terrible? You know, y- y- you are your average, and it applies negatively and positively. And the last point here is to manage the ups. Okay? So don't allow yourself to get too elated on a winning streak. You want to feel the positive emotions to fuel the fire, and you want to keep the momentum going, but if you don't keep this in check, the negative emotions you experience in a slump will be just as strong and harder to overcome. So the secret here, honestly, is to be really confident, but really paranoid at the same time. You want to be both. Now most people can't do that because it's, there's something called cognitive dissonance that prevents us from, from experiencing two emotions that are opposite, but it's possible to do. I mean, I do it a lot, where like you want to be really confident in your ability to close deals, but you also want to be really doubtful that you're not good enough. Because that way, you're always gonna try and improve. And the best way to, to be good enough, just, just by feeling you're not good enough, you are. So it's kind of non-binary. You want to be confident, but you also want to be doubtful. Like the way to, the way to overcome this, in closing, this thing here, is to be confident. You wanna have a lot of confidence in your ability to close, but then you also want to be doubtful that you're not doing, you're not doing it well enough. People don't, people can't think like this. Like if you can, if you can learn how to be both confident and doubtful at the same time, then you will become a wizard. (laughs) You will become, you will leap, you will be leaps and bounds ahead of your competition. Because if you look at, if you look at any professional athlete, say um, Tom Brady for example, in the NFL, in American football, or any athlete that you love, they're very confident in their ability to win games, but they're also terrified that they're gonna lose. So, it's like they know they're gonna win, but then they also are petrified of losing and, you know, they're s- they're scared of someone doing t- like to them what they have done to other people. They're always worried about people catching them up. Like they're at the top of the mountain and they're absolutely crushing it and they're confident in their ability and they win games, but then they're also absolutely petrified of losing. So they're fueled by two different forces. And the same thing applies in sales. You want to be ruthlessly confident of your ability to get people on board, but you also want to be extremely doubtful that you're doing everything that you can to make that happen. Because th- as soon as you have too much confidence, like, ih- ih- the only way to, to, to, to fuck this thing up is to have too much of one emotion. Too much confidence will kill you, too much doubt will kill you. It's the balance between those two things, and it's, it's knowing like if you're feeling really doubtful, it's being able to just generate confidence in yourself. If you're feeling really confident, it's being able to generate doubt in yourself. And really, the, the emotion you have should be dependent upon the situation, and you should be able to pick and choose what emotion is necessary. And that's how you win. That's how you break through the oscillation of doubt, because most people are subject to this thing. Most people, like are owned by it. But as soon as you can own it, and as soon as you can become and transcend this thing, you will win. So that is everything for this training module. This is the oscillation of doubt, and this is, this is how it works. Okay? So I hope this, this, um, this week has been useful for you. Um, in the future we may have more bonus sales videos, but over the course of the past, um, several videos, I've given you everything. We've, we've given you the introduction, we've given you the script and the conversion playbook we have, we've given you the script modification, we've given you the objection handling videos, we've given you this one. At this point in time, you know everything that you need to get to seven figures, in terms of sales. You, you should also know how to get to seven figures with appointment booking, and as you move forw- through to the next modules, um, you'll know how to do it for mindset, you'll know how to do it for operations and systems as well, in terms of like internal business processes. But, honestly, like, I've given you everything that you could possibly need to get to work and to start making sales today. Like if you just apply what you've learned here, then from a sales perspective, nothing's gonna hold you back. I've given you everything. I've, I've been in the sales game for about four years now. My conversion rate is, is, I mean, ruthlessly high compared to what most people can do, and I can't wait for it to happen to you as well. So, thanks for watching this video. Thanks for going through this module, and um, I'm looking forward to seeing the results that you get. So as always, if you've got any questions around sales, you know where to find us, the Facebook group, the Q&A calls. We'll always be happy to help. But yeah, that's everything, and I will see you in the next video right now. Thanks for watching.