# Aaron Tang: $0 to $10k p/m in 12 months

Yeah, man. I think we can- Yeah, definitely. ... we can dive properly into the interview. Yeah. Ask you a couple questions, but I guess- Yeah, of course. ... since people that are watching, um, if you can't tell, I'm very happy because I predicted this a year ago when we first spoke. You'll be making your testimonial video, things are gonna go very well. Um, but obviously you were kind of hesitant to join and we can kind of explore all those things. Yeah, that's fine. Um, if you tell the people, man, like where you're at right now, kind of revenue, what the business looks like, who you serve, your niche, what your experience is like, what you do in the day-to-day, and just kind of, um, yeah, give people an image of what it looks like now, the, the, the finished product of a year of working with us. Yeah, yeah. So I joined Easy Grow around a year ago now. So I joined when I was doing full-time corporate, um, and I joined Charlie's program kind of out of th- like out of a need because I wanted to make a lot more money on my own terms, do, you know, do the whole online thing and just, it kind of opened my eyes out to, you know, what, what's possible out there. Um, and I got first into, like, Facebook ads, and then I, I changed it to Google Ads, and then I, I niche hopped quite a bit. And actually looking back at the co- at Charlie's content, it actually made so much sense why niche hopping is such a c- kind of a bad thing, because you kind of reset. If I had just focused on one thing for a long period of time, I w- I would've been a lot further- Mm-hmm. ... um, which is kind of what I'm doing now. Um, but who I serve, I, I serve the home improvement space, I run Meta ads. Mm-hmm. Um, but, you know, uh, I think right now we're doing around 14,000, 15,000 AUD, um, so USD equivalent maybe is around nine, maybe- Big gain. ... somewhere around that range. Mm-hmm. Um, so not there yet, but I'll definitely get there very, very soon. Um, so I've been able to kind of as well, like, recently quit my job two months ago. Um, yeah. (laughs) Yeah. Good. Uh, yeah, so, so going in, going all into it. Um, so now what I'm doing is, you know, doing this properly, setting up, you know, right now I'm setting up my paid ads funnels, um, scaling that, and, um, I've kind of stopped doing cold calls, which was what I was doing before- Mm-hmm. ... like, after work. Um, but now I'm not doing that at all. Now I'm just focusing purely on, on, on paid ads to, to help me scale. Mm. And how does it feel at this point, man? Like, getting to that point- Um- ... was pretty much everything you ever wanted as a, as a first milestone, right? Yeah, first miles, dude. When I first, I remember taking the, the call (00:02:29) I think what I said was, "I just wanna make, like, one or extra one, two grand a month-" (laughs) ... extra. (laughs) Um, but after going into the space, you're like, yeah, you can actually make a lot more. Yep. Um, and it's th- the limiting belief stuff and, like, the self-transcendence modules is pretty incredible. Mm-hmm. Um, yeah. But I think, yeah, right now, I think that I'm definitely very happy with where I am, and definitely see myself in this space for a long time, but it's- Mm-hmm. ... definitely not easy. (laughs) Definitely the, the, the agency space is not easy. Mm-hmm. But, um, yeah. Did you... Was that your actual goal to get to one, 2K account? I couldn't remember that, man. I think- Um- Yeah, I, I remember, I remember this very specifically. I just wanted, like, because I worked a corporate job, I wasn't happy with the money I was making, I just wanted to make an extra couple of grand on the side, 'cause I... you hear, you hear that all the time, like, you know, making passive income and stuff like that. Um, but, you know, once you realize, you know, people are paying a couple of grand for these services, you realize, wait, I can actually make a pretty good living out of it. Mm-hmm. Um, so once that opened my eyes, now I'm just like, yeah, this can take me pretty far. I, I feel it's like quite a common experience, man. Like, a lot of people want to go in to, to make extra money, and they, they're still in, in love with the idea of like a, a passive income. They don't fully understand- Yeah. ... this is really exciting. (laughs) Yeah. And then they go and they're like, "Oh, shit. My active income, I'm making so much more already than I am with my job, and it can grow tenfold, twentyfold-" Exactly. "... by the end of the year." I think i- it sounds like it's similar in your experience. It's almost like maturing into like, oh, shit, active income? That's the way to go, right? It's about having systems, processes- 100%. ... everything like that. But with the business now, man, walk me through, you know, how you're getting appointments, what it's like closing deals and delivery, just to get a, a kind of a, a better idea here. Yeah, right. I mean, before when I first started, I was doing cold calls. Um, again, self-transcenders, the modules inside the, the course definitely helped in terms of the, the mindset, because going to mindset, like, d- doing the cold calls is the hardest, I'd say. Like, it sucks. Uh, but that kind of got me off the ground, got me the experience that I needed, the confidence, um, and right now, I'm kind of... I'm still f- um, figuring out, trying to crack the paid, paid ads, um, game at the moment. Um, so figure that out. Once I figure that out, it's just a matter of, again, wrapping that up and then closing deals and sales as well. Mm-hmm. That was massive from the, the, the module. Mm-hmm. Um, learned heaps of stuff that wouldn't have otherwise if I didn't- Mm-hmm. ... didn't join the course. Interesting, man. And with the delivery, uh, I seem to remember the messages you were talking about, like, kind of struggling with the Google Ads side of things and that not being- Oh, yeah. So then you pivoted to, to Meta? Was that what happened? Yeah, pivoted to Meta. Um, realized, well, I, I still don't know... Oh, I tried really hard for Google for a couple of months, um, like did a lot of research, paid like, like, one or two Google s- Google Ads private coaching. Mm-hmm. Um, and figured that it was kind of, well, not hard to get an ROI for Google Ads for, like, plumbers, electricians and cleaners. I realized that maybe the vehicle I, I, I was in wasn't as, as good. So I was thinking, you know, I mean, a lot of people do this and we're already about, you know, doing obviously Meta ads for, like, you know, your roofers, your, your landscapers, your renovators. One where the average, average project size is around, you know, 15 to 20, 30 grand. It's, it's massive. So- Mm-hmm. ... it really doesn't take that much from their, their end to make their monies back working with yourselves. So- Mm-hmm. ... that was kind of y I pivoted. So I pivoted, like, kind of last two, three months to, to Meta Ads. Um, so, yeah. Well, bro, like, you were doing a lot, right? Like, you were, you were working full time that whole time apart from the last two months. So you were doing your job. Was that like a 9:00 to 5:00, like, kind of hours? Uh, it was, it was pretty, it was a pretty chill job. Um, I honestly have worked maybe, like, 9:00 to 2:00, 3:00 PM. Mm-hmm. But I was still expending a bit of energy every single... I was still expending a lot of energy every single day. Mm-hmm.... and, like, focus, look, thinking about that. So- Mm-hmm. ... um, yeah. It was like nine-to-three, nine-to-two, I would say. I wasn't, I wouldn't say it was fully nine-to-five, locked out. I was doi- still doing it at work and stuff. Hmm. Um, but yeah, it was working. What would you say to somebody, man, if they're like, they're in a job, um, maybe they're working six hours a day like you mentioned. Maybe they're working eight hours a day and, like, they feel like they don't have the time to do something like this. What kind of advice would you give them? Would you tell them, "Hey, just quit your job," or would you tell them to do what you kind of did? Obviously- No, I reckon- ... it will vary so much. (laughs) Yeah. (laughs) Teas and seas are flying. Yeah. Different people. Yeah, of course. It, it will vary, but I think it just matters what you do when you go home and, and stuff. I mean, like, you, let's, let's say you work, you work nine-to-five, like, you can easily make time when you go home and stuff to, to go spend it on whatever the shit you wanna spend it on. Um, you know, don't go home, watch Netflix, watch porn, all that stuff. Don't want, don't do that. Go home, I reckon focus on the business. Wake up. There, there are minute, there are 24 hours in a day. You work eight hours, nine hours max. You, you got a lot of time after that as well to work on the business. And when you do that every single day, it will, it will compound. What would you say if I was like, "Oh, Aaron, I don't (laughs) wanna join the program. Maybe I'll save up for my job then I'll quit my job to do it full-time, to do it 100%." Um, do you wish you did it if you look back? Or did it make the most sense in, in kind of retrospect, just juggling both things at once and having that kind of a continuity essentially as you're doing those two things? You built an exit plan with your agency, right? Like, you didn't- Yeah. ... 000 and go into it. Yeah. Yeah. I, I didn't go completely cold turkey because I, I still had, like, limiting beliefs around what I could achieve. Mm-hmm. But if you... Yeah, I think once you start getting, like, a couple of clients, like, a couple of clients and you start getting traction, do just, I think quit ASAP. Mm-hmm. That's my, my perspective. Or just invest in the program anyway while you're at the job. Like, if you have a job, you have income coming in. If there's any time to take a risk, it's while you're working the job and getting income. So you have the safety net as well. So, that's my perspective. And what do you think, if we speculate, man, would've happened if you didn't join the program? Like- I don't- ... genuinely, what do you think would've happened? Oh. Um, dunno, man. I think I'd be still grinding pretty hard at the nine-to-five trying to climb the corporate ladder. Mm-hmm. Probably hating the politics and the lack of control you, you just generally have working for someone else, being someone else's, you know, cog in the machine. So, honestly, very happy with the, the decision I made. Mm-hmm. And there's no way that I'll be able to fail unless I gave up, which I, which I won't be, 'cause I, I have no choice. I have to keep going with this, so. Mm-hmm. And what if you had the same mentality where you're like, "Uh, n- no. There's no way I'm gonna fail, um, as long as I don't give up," without the kind of program? How do you think that would've played out, man? Do you think you'd still be- If I didn't- ... doing it? 'Cause, like c- Um- ... you had a lot of self-limiting beliefs, right? Like, we were talking about- Yeah, 100%. ... that one-to-2K-a-month goal. Like, you were very- (laughs) ... kind of, um, like box- Yeah. ... boxed off almost in a way, right? You were in a- Yeah. ... a jam jar in a sense. Well, well, I think definitely joining the program, you get a lot of exposure to other people, um, other people who are making a lot of money online, doing this online stuff. It's actually nuts. 'Cause before I was, like, doing corporate, nine-to-five. This is my first time ever seeing this online stuff. Like, I had a very limiting belief that this was all a scam and, like, anything that's online related, making money, crypto, SMMA, dude, it's all, like, fugazi. It's not real. But once you join, it's like, wow. Like, these, th- there are people making more money who are younger than people who are working a nine-to-five, even if they're working a very lucrative nine-to-five job. Yeah. Like, being your own business person, the internet, the way the internet is right now, AI is, like, incredible. We have, like, an incredible opportunity in front of us, I think. Um, more so than what the nine-to-five has to offer us. That's my perspective. And remember now, it wasn't, it wasn't an easy close. (laughs)  Oh. It wasn't, it wasn't easy come to close it. It wasn't. No. I was so skeptical. I was like, "There is no way." But, like, what really got me, Vince, was definitely the, the social proof that, that EasyGrow had. Mm-hmm. And, like, I remember you just showing me the, the social proof. Um, absolutely insane. Like, the, the amount of, like, testimonials you guys had, I was like, even if you guys could fake it, like, this is very difficult to fake, the amount of testimonial you guys had. So- Mm-hmm. ... I was like- And it's, it's- ... it's totally perfect. ... it's quite poetic how it's just come full circle, right? Now you're building up to that, like, kind of- (laughs) ... um, canon of, of client interviews up to that point, right? Yeah. It's a nice thing, man. Um, let's, let's go way back though. Way back. Like, when you were working a nine-to-five, was it in, in salesforce? Sales... Yes. Or What... You were in salesforce- It was, it was in salesforce. ... the software? Right? At, at salesforce. Sales. Exactly. Yes. Selling their CRM. Exactly. Yeah. Okay, cool. So I, I, yeah- How long were you, uh, doing that for? Um... Oh, I think I started that job, actually... So I started that job in March and I joined EasyGrow in August. So I was in, in that job for, like, four or five months. Mm-hmm. So I'd, I'd come home after work and I'll be like, "Okay, what do I do now?" Like, "Do I just, like, watch Netflix or, like, watch YouTube or, like..." And then that's when I started getting into websites. I was like, "Oh, I can start building people's websites." And then came across you guys. Mm-hmm. I remember I asked you Vince, like, all, like, "What if I... Like, should I stick to websites or should I, like, move to something else?" And then I think you said, more or less, "You're gonna, you're, you're gonna end up doing lead generation." Yeah. I remember, man. And, um... With the job, you were there for, like, four months? Was it the case- Mm-hmm. ... then that you, you wanted to leave the job and you didn't like doing it? Or, or when you joined was it literally just about just making some more money on the, on the kind of side as you did both things? Well, I joined that job specifically because I left my previous job, which was in corporate finance, and I wanted more freedom. But when I joined Salesforce, I had a lot of time, but I didn't, uh, earn as much as I'd like to. Mm-hmm. So, I was like, I wanna, I want, I wanna way to make more money, which is why I went down the website route. Mm-hmm. But then I was like-I don't actually know how to get customers consistently through websites. So, that's why I came across you guys and then ... joined. And then how long had that been since you were, like, trying to build the agency pool? I can't remember when. Before you- Um. ... ...
on the, on the first call with me. Oh. It was like two months. So it was like when I, when I started doing websites like two months. I did websites like two months. So like, just like qu- calling random businesses who didn't have websites on Instagram and asking them if they needed a website. That's really it. What was that like? (laughs) I think a lot of- All of you. ... people relate. (laughs) Yeah. Oh, yeah. Lots. The, the way most people start. Um, but yeah, I, that was pretty grim. Um, but it was like, it was a good way to start 'cause like, I remember when I first, uh, you know, I've never done like, you know, my own business or anything like that. When I first called someone, I'm on Instagram and then they're like, "Yeah, okay. I'm happy, I'm happy to do a call." I'm like, "Oh my God. Someone's act-, someone's act-, people are, there are people actually out there who need someone to build their website for them." Mm-hmm. Um, but for me to get the data, it was like, you know, scraping through Instagram, manually putting the numbers on Excel and calling them and- Did you- ... all those systems which are ... So I just want to remember, did you, um, did you close any clients during those, uh, two months? That, before ... I closed one cli- ... Yeah, I closed one client. One client. Like- Okay. For what sum? Yeah. For 1.6, yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay. Did you feel rich at the time, closing the 1.6? Yeah. Was it like ... (laughs) Fir- first, first time seeing my Stripe notification. I remember that. (laughs). Okay. Cool, man. Now, I think I gotta make a confession to, to ... No, before, before I make a confession, um, what was it that kind of prompted you to book in the appointment speak with me first? Like what, what was that like? Um, it was seeing one of Charlie's YouTube videos around ... I remember very specifically, it was one where he was like, it was like a mastermind, I think, and he was talking about, I think childhood trauma and kind of what drives us. And that, I think, is what motivated me to book a call with you guys, 'cause I was like, I resonate with that message a bit. Okay. Um, because the way he described it and on ... in the online space, you don't really see a lot of people talking about it that openly. Well, from my perspective, from what I saw. Yep. So, I think that's, that's what motivated me to book, book a caller with, with, with, with you guys. Interesting, right? Like it resonated on a personal level, not in a kind of business sense with like ... Mm. Oh, no. Dude, I ... Yeah. Going, yeah going into the program, I didn't know what I was gonna do, but I saw the outcome that I wanted to achieve, which was, you know, you had the people hitting like multi-f ... you know, like 50, 30, 60, 70, 80, some crazy numbers per month. Yeah. Um, so I was like, I want to do that, as well, what these guys are doing, but I don't know how I'm gonna do it, but ... Okay. Yeah. It's time to make my confession, man. I, I didn't close Aaron on my first call and I, I looked ... (laughs) ... I whipped myself in the back like in Game of Thrones. Imagine just walking down the street with a chain kind of belt. (laughs) Um. I'm surprised. Uh, no, no. Yeah. So I'm surprised you didn't ask for the, the close on the call. I mean, I think it was probably a good thing you didn't ask. I did, I did. Didn't I? You did? Oh. I don't remember that. I hope so. (laughs) Hope so. (laughs) I don't think you did. I don't ... You asked for the follow-up call, like to ... From what I remember. You know, it might, might have been, man, 'cause I remember looking at my notes and it was saying like he was very skeptical, very unsure of like the whole online space as a whole. Um, so I haven't listened to, to the call back, but ... in a while at least. But maybe what I did was then send you a bunch of testimonials to let you go through that in your own time, just 'cause you were, you were, you were so, you were so outside of the ecosystem, right? Like you mentioned you wanted to be making 1, 2K a month. You had no idea- (laughs) ... that people were doing 10K a month, 20K a month, 100K a month, right? You were skeptical- Yeah. ... about online gurus, so that's maybe what kinda happened. Mm-hmm. Um, what was contributing to that, that kind of skepticism though? 'Cause that's something that everyone has for different reasons, so. Oh, well, I'm Asian as well, that's a big thing as ... Big thing, you're Asian, you're like you, you- What does that mean? (laughs) You get ... Yeah. You get, well, like you generally you'll get told like a lot of the online stuff is, is a scam. You, you're going on a typical nine-to-five and when you're around people who are in nine-to-fives, they have similar belief systems as you as well, so it's like an, it's like an echo chamber. But I wanted to- Is, is it really like the stereotype? Is that I want my son to become like an- Oh. ... professional, like that's it. Oh, 100%. Yeah, exactly. That's, that's exactly the ... Especially in, in my, my background, my specific background. Go to good school, get a good job. Um, and when you're around people who are just like you, you just all think the same, and very skeptical. But I, I wanted an escape pretty badly. Mm-hmm. So. What do you think it was for you that made you kind of, (sighs) I don't wanna say rebel, but like just stand or, or, or swim against that, that current? 'Cause most people would just kind of follow that path, right? Well ... What was your motivation initially- I could ... ... I suppose, is what I'm asking. Just to clarify. Well, my motivation, well, I wanted to make a lot more money than what I was making. Like it wasn't ... I was making good money, like on a normal salary I was making $120,000, um, at the time, AUD, which is, which at the time is actually pretty, pretty decent. Mm-hmm. Before that I was in investment banking as well, so it was kind of going backwards in terms of salary. So, I kind of realized that I wanted to make ... Like what I was currently earning was not enough to kind of, you know, support the lifestyle that I wanted to live. And it was mostly not, not on my terms. So, I also don't want to get paid a lot to work for someone I didn't like, and listen to someone I didn't like and respect. That was probably the biggest thing. Freedom is ultimately what I wanted to get. Mm-hmm. Um, so both in monetary, time, who you have to listen to. Like that's, that's all I wanted really. Mm-hmm. Okay. Was there anything else that kind of made you skeptical, man? Or was it just your kind of belief system around everyone's kind of out to get the, uh, you online and it's all kind of too good to be true? Yeah. And that was contributing to it? Um, no, just the way I was, the way I was raised, anything online was like a scam. I never believed in like, you know, um, doing anything online. Doing anything online, and also, you know, doing all these Zoom calls and just, just typical stuff. Um, but like the testimonials and social proof was like, can't un- can't deny it, so. Mm. Were there specific ones that you saw that kind of resonated and you're like, "That's, that's a, that's a bit of me-" (laughs) "... in that story." Um, well, you showed me, I, I, I ... So you showed me specifically, um, I remember you showed me, Sam Arch. So I know he's doing really, really well right now, he's doing ... Killing it. And I actually messaged him on Facebook like, "Hey dude, I saw your testimonial." (laughs) "This is, this is like a real course?" Yeah. And he was like, "Yeah, it, it's a real course." Oh, okay. Um, but I remember watching his testimonial 'cause he's from Australia, and I was like, "Yeah, this is pretty li- this is pretty like ..." He's like, "Yeah, it's legit." Um, so that was like, okay, yeah. I'll ... I guess there's nothing really that I can say. Mm-hmm. That's like, it's a scam. If everything you've ta- you've given testimonials. Se- I'm still getting this from one of your previous guys even though that's probably not the best. Mm-hmm. Um, yeah. Those were the kind of what tipped me over. Sounds like you need to take some for a steak and, and me as well. You know, just have a steak. (laughs) Definitely. Kind of pay back. Do you think if you hadn't messaged him, do you think he would have done it? If he would of ... If, if, if you hadn't messaged. Or let's say you message him and he just completely ... Uh, uh. ... ignored you or anything. Do you think he would have done it? I think I would have done it anyway. Yeah. I remember when after that first night's call like I couldn't sleep, like it was bad. (laughs) 'Cause there was so much going on in my head. (laughs) (laughs) Oh my God, it was crazy. I remember that day, like after the, our first call before our second call, like I just went straight to bed and like I, I couldn't sleep for like the next couple of hours. It was so bad. Yeah. Because my mind was like spinning and ...

Just like, yeah. But, um, I would have done it regardless. I would have done it regardless, I think. Mm-hmm. Um, 'cause the social proof is just undeniable. It's, it's, it's crazy how you think, man, how our futures is like... It comes down to moments like that where you're just like, you're standing on like a very thin strip and you're just- Yes. (laughs) ... out of the way, and like isn't that fun? (laughs) You know, like- Oh, definitely. ... thinking about, like, the, the tiniest beginnings, you know? I, I, I agree. It is fun. Like, when you look, look back now, it's pretty crazy. Um, like anything... It's like something, anything would have happened, I could have swung the other way, and I maybe would have never joined the program. Who knows? Mm-hmm. But I was, like, very on the edge, because it was a big investment at the time, even though it was pay by month. So, I remember that, yeah. I lost my train of thought, but I wanted to ask you on that front. Yes. In terms of yourself, man, you mentioned it was two months that you were doing it on your own. Some people wait for four months, for six months, for over a year sometimes before they get help, and it's especially impressive for you 'cause you had a job. You were making decent money at the time as well. It wasn't like your life was, was hell. What was it for you that made you decide, like, two months was enough and you actually just wanted to get that actual help, instead of going, "Uh, let me see what I can do over a year," and just, like, slowly kind of, well, failing on your own, I suppose? Yeah. Um, looking back, or looking at it now, I don't have time. Like, no one has... You can figure it out, you can try and figure it out all yourself, but you can, you know, you either pay with time or pay with money. That's kind of probably the best way to, the best way to put it. You can either try and figure it out all yourself or you can pay someone to kind of help you get there. And I've... And with that mindset, I've also been able to go ahead with a lot of big purchases now as well. Um, and that's, you know, that's kind of what Easy Grow has been able to give me as well. Mm-hmm. Big purchases? Anything, uh- Yeah. (laughs) ... specific? (laughs) No, no, nothing, nothing, nothing in particular. But like, when you think of money in a, in a more of like an, an abundance, um, which I, previously I didn't have. I'm still trying to get over it. Um, it's a lot easier, especially when you're paying for things like coaches and mentors and stuff like that. It's, it's kind of a no-brainer, to be honest, when you spend a lot of money on like useless stuff, like materialistic things, so. Mm-hmm. Do you think it's fair to say, man, that that abundance mindset started when you bought a course which isn't like a, like a, a physical product? It's not something that, like, is necessarily, like, yours to keep? Mm-hmm. Is that what kind of triggered it, that you're, that you essentially paid for, like, thin air, you know, in a, in a kind of way, if that makes sense. Do you think- Mm-hmm. ... that like triggered it? Um, yeah. Purchasing... Once you purchase it and you go into, like, the modules, like, it's... it changes, like, the way you think and the way, the way, I mean, this chart is doing it. When you change your beliefs, change your actions, change your habits, change your whatever it was, but it just completely changed, like, the way you... Everything. Mm-hmm. And, um, I right now have a girlfriend, and now she thinks also very similar to me as well. Previously she was in the exact same position as me. Now, she thinks completely different because of the mindset shifts that I've had, which has kind of, over time, translated to her as well. So it's quite, quite impactful. Like, it's... The value you get out of, you know, the course is like a no-brainer, I think. That's fucking... That's beautiful, man. That's literally just the start of... Like, you became that guy, and then it just started, like, rubbing off essentially, like- Yeah. ... a vicious, right? Yeah. How do your, um, parents look at the business now that you've (laughs) kinda made it, you know? (laughs) I'm sure, I'm sure you're not happy. Oh. I'm sure you're not completely fulfilled and you want so much more. But- Yes. ... what are, what are their thoughts now, man, that you're a, a kind of- Uh- ... online digital scammer? (laughs)  My... Oh, no. No, my, my... They think that they trust me, and they know, and they know I'll get there. I've... Yeah, and I think at the start they were a bit skeptical, but now I just like tell them, "Hey, I'm doing this," and they trust me. Like, yeah, it's fine, like, I'm an adult. (laughs) Is that a good, kind of pivotal thing, man? Going off in your path and, like, knowing that you actually made it happen? Um... Oh yeah, definitely. Now it's like I don't look back. Like, rather die than go back to working corporate. Like, this agency thing or this online thing is like... It's a make-or-break. Mm-hmm. Like, it's, it's gonna, it's gonna work out. 'Cause I remember when I told my parents, man, like... 'Cause I was going down that path, right, university studying architecture. When I told them I wanted to be making 10K a month, you know, in my twenties and stuff, like, it's a miracle they didn't put me in like a insane asylum, 'cause like they... (laughs)  I was crazy, like completely delusional, right? So that, that brought me a lot of satisfaction. Not as a like, "I told you so," but like- Hmm. ... me telling myself like, "Oh, I, I told me so." (laughs) You know? Like (overlapping dialogue) myself. Definitely. Exactly, yeah. There was a little part of me- I think, yeah, definitely. ... that was like, "Am I nuts? Am I looking for something crazy right here?" And, uh, it's a, it's a, it's a good bit of joy, man. What bits did you find the most valuable in the program? Let's say, like, for that kind of first month that you were in and then kinda later as you, as you went along. Self... The self-transcendence by far was, like, the most valuable thing. Mm-hmm. Would have paid for just self-transcendence itself. Obviously, you know, the, the, the program, yeah. I don't, I don't know... Actually, no, I do know why. But I'm thinking as well, like, because you invest so much... For me, this is probably the most money, amount of money I've spent on anything, to be completely honest. Um, so when you invest this, this sum of money into, like, something like a program, you gotta pay attention to it pretty closely. Whereas, like, when you go to university or for us, it's like you don't really pay for your degree. It's like a... This is a loan that kind of accumulates in the background, so it's not really, like, your money. Whereas this is like your savings. Like, your savings are going into, like, the program. It's like holy shit. Like, you've gotta pay attention. Mm-hmm. And when you invest that sort of money, it's like a... It's an emotional commitment, because for me it was a, it was a lot of money. So I made sure I, you know...... when I was... I had free time, I didn't listen to music anymore. I started listening to, like, just the Self Transcendence stuff over and over again. (laughs) Um... (laughs) Oh, damn. And then- I don't know. To anyone watching this, that's not a requirement, okay? You can listen to music and still be successful. (laughs) Yeah. No, I was like- Like, literally. ... "I've got to listen to this." (laughs) Un- Yeah. Yeah. But, um, yes. I was like, I need to get the most out of this, so- What wasn't like- I, I- ... Self Transcendence that, that shifted you so much, though? (clicks tongue) I think it's just how... I think it's more so... I think it varies. It's probably one of the first, first two modules around, like, the meta beliefs, and just believing, like, y- you can really just do anything that you really want. And it sounds, like, super, like, like, very, like, in a very motivational speaky. You know, it sounds, like, very, very fairy ta- uh, sorry, airy fairy, but it is actually quite true. I used to think, like, all, all that motivational talk and, like, you know, believe a-... Believe that you can achieve and all that stuff was, like, all BS. But once you go into the program, you're like, everything is actually shaped by, you know, your paradigm- Mm-hmm. ... um, your perspective. And that was crazy. I didn't... It's crazy, 'cause I didn't, I didn't tell my girlfriend or tell my, my parents that I bought this program, 'cause I was like, they'd be like, "What the fuck?" (laughs) mmm. (laughs) Um, but definitely, like, the Self Transce- the Self Transcendence itself. That's the big thing, man. 'Cause, like, I always, um, I always kind of outsourced responsibility to decisions. Like, before I started working in sales, I talked to my parents, I talked to my friends, I talked to my extended family, and kinda getting all their opinion can be stuck for, for a pretty long time, you know? So, yeah. I can't imagine what would have happened then. But I'm sure you can understand that normally I don't talk about the mindset training in the program when I pitch people, 'cause if I talk about mindset, like, barriers go up, right? Wishy-washy bullshit- Yeah. (laughs) ... won't stop going scientific. Like, naturally you learn these things. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So, like, I just let people discover that for themselves. Um, but then after Self Transcendence, man, what were the kind of most valuable bits over the coming months for you? Hmm. Uh, cold calls, um, and the sales part. So sales, like, you know, line of questioning, I thought, I thought that was really, really valuable. Mm-hmm. Um, I'll be completely honest, I didn't really enforce, like, the one call close. I was... I didn't have the confidence and conviction behind myself to push it that far. Mm-hmm. Um, but I think the, the sales tactics, I, I wasn't able to join a lot of the coaching calls unfortunately, but I watched recordings, um, and thought that, like s-... Like, um... Like that type of sales when you're talking to another consumer, like, like, a number... Not, not another human being is quite different to like corporate sales. It's so, so different. Like- Mmm. ... it's crazy. And I think the techniques, the emotional part is so... It's quite tough, I would say, to learn. It's quite a skill to learn, I think. What? Because... Yeah. No, I'll, I'll, I'll ask you after we finish the recording, man. Um, I'm curious to- Yeah. ... understand the difference between the kind of corporate sales and... And this space, 'cause I, I love sales and I have no experience in corporate. But we'll leave that till, till after, 'cause people- Yeah. ... won't know too much about that. Um, what would you have done differently if you could have gone through the program again knowing what you know now? Oh, what have I... What would I have done differently through the program? Yeah. Hmm. Probably... (sighs) I don't know. I... I probably... If I would... If I were to redo my last year, I was... would have stuck to meta ads. That, that is what I would have done. And- Mm-hmm. ... when, um, when Charlie says to not niche hop, don't niche hop, pick a good niche and stick to it, and don't, like, don't change around. Otherwise, you're gonna reset your progress, like he says, which I did, even though I... (laughs) How many times? Yeah. I wish I should have... I... So I did initially, I did meta ads. I did it for, like, my first client. My first client was, like... It was my first time doing it, so I, I, I, like, lost him in, like, two weeks. I was like, "No, screw this. I'll do a meta ad. I'll do google ads." And I did Google ads for a couple of months, but then I was doing Google ads for people who didn't have a lot of money, so they were cleaners, you know, gutter cleaners, so people who weren't making a lot of money. Whereas, you know, when you're doing renovators, these guys are doing like couple of grand projects, who can afford your services. So pivoting to that has been, been absolutely fantastic for me, 'cause now I've been focusing- What was the first? ... kind of my, my niche. What was the fir- first niche you started in? Facebook meta ads for (laughs) for renovators. (laughs) For renovators. Yeah. And if... Well, if you had just stuck to that and saw it through, you would- Yeah. ... saved a couple of months, or, or what would have happened? 100%. 100% would have saved six months, I would say. Definitely six months. And that was just not- Yeah, just stuck to that niche. ... listening to the... (laughs) to, to the advice of- Nah. ... Charlie and them? No. No, exactly. That's... Yeah. I should have, but yeah. It's cost me a couple of months, but that's okay. I learned a lo-... Yeah, yeah. Learned a lot through Google Ads landing pages and stuff, which, which you wouldn't learn normally in meta, meta ads. Mm-hmm. So, um, but yeah, it was good. Okay. What would you say to the Aussies, man, that are like, "Ah, coaching course, uh, a pretty shit time for me. Ah, maybe I'm not gonna join the program because of that"? What would you say to them? Uh... 'Cause that was Sam's experience as well, right? Where he just, just did the program- Ah. ... pretty much. If... Well, two things. Well, if you really want to join, you can. You can join it in the middle of the morning. Like, it's hard but it's... It'll be completely worth it, especially if your life depends on it. Um, second of all is you don't need it to succeed. There are many a successful Aussies that... Who've gone through the program who didn't... Who couldn't attend the, the recordings and who just... You can just re-watch the recordings as well. So you, you don't... You don't need to attend the, the coaching calls. Even though you can, it's nice to have. Mm-hmm. Um, so definitely not necessary, but you can definitely join the program, um, without it. Mm-hmm. Okay. Where do you want to go next, man? You're doing 15, 16K a month. What's the, the goal for, like, a year from now? Oh. A month? A year, if I'm focusing... Oh, well, I've got to be focusing this, uh, full time. I reckon 100K eventually is the goal. I mean, I've seen what... I've seen what people ha- have been able to achieve in this, in this space, and it's pretty crazy and pretty incredible. And they're young, they work hard, but, you know, I think if they're able to do it, I should be able to do it too.Um, that's my perspective and I think it's just a matter of learning and just growing and getting better. Mm-hmm. Now I sound like a sales call, man, but what would hitting that do for you? Now that you've hit your first kind of goal and you've made it in a sense, like what does hitting 100 do for you? How... Sorry, how long? What- what does hitting 100K a month, like what's the motivation for that? Like, now you're gonna be taking business class flights and you're not gonna- (laughs) ... be broke like you mentioned before when we first got started. Dude, dude, dude, the business class, man, I didn't really live in... Like, I'm moving out at the end of the y- start of next year to a nicer place. Okay. Um, I just need to earn a lot more money. You know, if you're a, if you're a dude, old school, if you wanna provide for your partner, you wanna look after a family eventually, you gotta, uh, you gotta be earning a lot more than what t- well, what I'm currently earning. Mm-hmm. Um, so that's kind of my motivation, is that my income right now is nowhere near enough to support the life that I wanna live. And to live, to not live a life that I, that I wanna live, like sucks really, really bad. So... It's gonna suck either way, right? It's gonna be painful. Like if you do it- Yeah. Oh, exactly. (laughs) Well, we might as well have something to show for it at the end, right? 100%, 100%. Just, just pick your poison. Yeah, pick your poison at the end of the day. Well, man, I am... Not saying I'm con- uh, patronizing or anything, but I'm- (laughs) Come on man, you've done it. You've had loads of things against you, but you use your time effectively. You fucking worked for a year and you didn't stop, right? You kept it going. Yeah, maybe you could have saved yourself six months if you actually just listened to Charlie and the guys. Uh, yeah. Maybe you could have gone back. You know, but, but we're here now, and what's important is moving forwards. I trust that you're not gonna be switching niche again or, or anything like that. Oh, definitely, definitely not. Definitely not. No, definitely sticking to this one, yeah. Yeah. I don't- I don't know if you met Jayden, um, but he's probably one of our biggest clients to date. He's in the, in the roofing niche and he's doing hundreds of thousands a month, maybe even over 500K a month, man. Wow. Just stuck to it for four y- three and a half years. He's one of our first clients and like, that's <|agent|><|en|> Really? Oh wow. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He's a cool guy as well. Um, but you might have not met him, man, because he, he joined such a while back and obviously- Mm-hmm. ... the program is only so long you need it for, right? We're here to make ourselves obsolete- Yeah. ... at the, at the end of the day. I'll be seeing you at the mastermind in, in- Definitely. ... a couple of years down the line, right? Definitely, 100%. Like, um, like even filming this testimonial video, like I hope it goes up and maybe I can look back one day like, "Hey, I went through this program just like Sam did." Yeah, yeah. 'Cause now Sam's not doing so, so well. I watch his YouTube videos, I'm like, "Holy shit, that's kind of what I wanna do as well." What's, what's he up to? 'Cause last time I heard from him, he was doing like 30K a month. That- (laughs) Is he, is he... Oh, from what? From wha- 'Cause I watch his YouTube videos, he's doing so well. Um, he does like a 100K a month now. He's like, he's got a, he's supporting his girlfriend, flying business class. Yep. Um, he's killing it. So I'm like, "Dude, I wanna be like him." Yeah. Sam, Sam is cool, man. He has a way of, um... 'Cause I i- I had that interview with him that obviously I shared to you. He keeps everything very simple, you know. He keeps everything very simple in his mind, and I think that gives him a lot of room to just absolutely send it, you know. Like, his decision behind joining the program is like, "I can afford the first month of the payment plan. Business is shit and I don't wanna continue running it. I'm terrified, but fuck it, let's just do it." Like, very, very simple, you know, how he keeps things. And- Yeah, that's good, yeah. ... um, and I think it's- Why- what made him so successful. Yeah, and people typically over kind of complicate the process. But we'll wrap this up here. Man, it's been- Yeah. ... a dream. When you're doing 50K, we'll do another one.