# AJ: $15k to $30k per month in 4 months

What's happening, everyone? Hope you are doing well. Welcome back to yet another client interview. Today, I'm joined by yet another one of our amazing clients called AJ. He is what I'd like to call a sporadic silent shark because he was- (laughs) ... somewhat silent, but he was popping up with some random wins here and there, which were absolutely fantastic. And, uh, we're gonna go over with his, uh, we're gonna go over his time with us and what he's actually managed to achieve. So AJ, obviously we touched base just before this and we caught up, but for the people watching right now, uh, why don't you introduce, uh, who you are, uh, who you serve, and the transformation that you deliver to your clients, man? Yeah. So, uh, my name is AJ. Uh, basically, I help client... I help coaches, um, basically get high-paying clients online. I started more in the fitness space, and then I kind of just started to broad out, and then that's my niche. Uh, yeah, and I just help coaches basically get high-paying clients. That, that is what I do. And yeah, it's been pretty awesome. Nice. Love it. And to give the people context right now, um, that are watching this, from a monthly recurring revenue standpoint, uh, where were you before joining the program compared to where you are right now? Um, I was around, I would say, around 15ish K. Uh, so maybe 16. I was around that ballpark. I would say mid 15, uh, to be on the safe side. Um, and then as of yesterday, I just hit 30. Yeah. Uh, 30K, right? So the, the... It's been a big jump, a lot of clients, um, and yeah, and like, still getting the sales calls booked. Um, yeah, it's been amazing and it's like probably be, God willing, next month- Mm-hmm. ... doing everything the same thing, probably be at 40. Yeah, amazing stuff, man. And to give people, uh, context, AJ, like what drove you to book a call to begin with? Uh, I know you had a call with Hannah, right? And you, you came from, like, Charlie's YouTube channel, but you're already doing 15K a month, like what were some of the problems that you were facing, um, that drove you to book a call to begin with, man? Well, I'm a huge... So I love Charlie, Charlie's videos, so shout out to Charlie, obviously, his YouTube stuff, uh, works, the... Nothing beats good, organic, free traffic. (laughs) Yeah. (laughs) So, uh, yeah, I, uh, I know that I wanted to scale, right? So it's like either I can spend money and, um, learn quicker and faster- Yeah. ... or I can just try to figure it out on my own, which I am not a big believer trying to figure out on your own. If the, if someone's doing better than me, I will gladly pay X amount of money to learn. That way I get there. So I know I wanted to... I, I know that I needed to, you know, in order to scale, get clients, um, and I was like, "There has to be, uh, another way as well," right? So yeah, that's why I booked the call 'cause I wanted to learn and yeah. Yeah. It's been amazing. Yeah. Love it, man. Before you actually joined the program, AJ, um, what were you doing in terms of, like, client acquisition and what kind of problems were you facing or to, uh, on the opposite side, if not problems, what sort of opportunities weren't you aware of prior to join in? So I was scaling originally with one-on-one coaching calls. Um, so I was kind of in that- Got it. I was kind of in that purgatory, um, of like- Yep. ... you know, my business was growing, but I felt, I was like, "Okay, I need to... The only way I'm gonna really scale this is through one-on-one coaching calls." And I'm like, "I, I don't wanna... I don't wanna do that." Yeah, 'cause you can make 40, 50, 60K a month, but then you're booked 8, 10 hours a day on fulfillment calls and I'm just- Yeah. (laughs) ... I was not trying to do that. Um, so I knew I was... As I... The way I was scaling, if I didn't fix that problem, I would end up with a bunch of one-on-one calls. Um, I also felt that I could have been... I, I, I've been in sale... I'm 31. I've been in sales since I was 18. Um, I also felt that my sales ability could have, uh, needs to, needed to improve as well, minor, like, tweaks as well. So that was a big help. I know that I needed some, some help with that. Um, and then also too is just the, the structure, structure, like getting into Consultant Nirvana, right? Um, that was, uh, one of the, the big changes for me, the... building a strong info business and having a really, really good product. Um, I just knew that there's a lot of intangibles that I ne- that I wanted, that I saw was going to be problems down the road if I didn't fix it. So I was like, "Let me fix this now." And- Yeah. ... yeah, I came in wa- uh, wanting more clients, but I'll... you know, I'm getting clients, but I'm also getting all this other stuff that I wasn't really aware that I was gonna get, which is amazing stuff. Nice, man. On the client acquisition side of things, because you already had, um, like a, a thriving business in terms of, like, revenue, it was doing quite well at 15K per month, uh, what were you doing before you joined the program in terms of acquiring clients? And then after joining the program, did you add anything new in? Yeah. So, uh, one of the biggest things I was doing... So I, I use a platform called School. Yeah. So I was getting a lot of good organic lead as well. Uh, my Instagram was getting some leads as well too, but I knew that it could have been better. Like I just- Mm-hmm. ... I knew that it could have been better. Um, I wanted more. So I was like, "Okay, how can I really optimize that more?" So a lot of the plays in the sense of like the outbound, the out- the outbound plays that we have access to, um, the initiation videos, all this, this stuff, um- Nice. ... Charlie teaches in the course, I just implement it and then just kind of made it into my own. That's like as yours- Yeah. ... in the videos, just take it and just make it into your own. Every- everything evolves by nature. So that was one of the big- Yeah. ... things that I, that I took from the program and was able to get more calls booked, setting up my Calendly the right way. As, as stupid as that sounds, it's like, yeah- Yeah. ... like I, I... There were some things that I'm like, "Oh, I wasn't doing it this way." I was ma- Yeah. I was a- I was adding friction on questions, when friction... when there was unnecessary friction. Yep. So that alone was able to book calls galore, and also to the follow-ups as well. Follow- Yeah. The follow-ups as well. I would follow up people. I'm pretty, I'm pretty relentless, but I did have resistance in my own, (laughs) in my own mind of the way that Charlie teaches to follow up with your leads. Uh- (laughs) But, but it, like, it served me so well. It's like- Yeah. ... I, I signed two clients up off of one guy I followed up with, um, in a matter of eight times. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I finally got him, and he, and he joined. So it's like, I'm like, I... It's... Yeah, it's pretty, it was, it's pretty cool. Yeah. Now some bits of gold there that we'll touch on. Uh, the first thing is the Calendly, 'cause people watching this will be like, "What the hell is AJ talking about? He fixes Calendly and all of a sudden, bang." Yeah. Now, genuinely, like, and AJ you can attest to this, uh, something as small as your calendar set up-... it can really cause friction and resistance in the amount of bookings you're getting in, e- especially if you're inbound reliant, right? Um, it's even worse if you're, you know, doing all the convincing on the cold end, and then you get to the point where you're making the booking, and then they got to go through, you know, resistance again with some of the q- the way the questions are laid out. So on that, AJ, I'd love to dig a bit deeper, man. What specifically did you change with your questioning? Was it, um, like, less qualifying on the front end? Like, what did you tweak? Check, check, check, check, send. Ch- yeah. Yeah. Perfect. Test, test. (laughs) That's basically what it was. That's the structure. No, I think- Yeah. Yeah. Are they... 'Cause, um, yeah, so people watching this, so the common mistake, this, this is what you've probably done, AJ, you, you... when you send out the calendar, you, the people need to write out the answers and whatnot, and believe it or not, guys, people sometimes, they can't be bothered. So... Yeah. So no matter if they say they're interested or not, you send the calendar in, they ghost, that's probably one of the things. So the checkbox format, as simple as that sounds, um, that... as, as you said, AJ, it made a massive difference, right, in terms of getting bookings in. Yeah. For sure. Yeah. Perfect. And then for the appointment setting side of things, um, I know you already got existing traffic on school and whatnot, you mentioned DMs, did you do DM sorcery? Yes, I did. Um, DM sorcery, I, I implemented that a- as well, as well as with the booking page as well, with the like- Yeah. ... in, in the ad structure, that was really helpful, I put all my testimonials as well. So that was really helpful as well, and then too as well, when they booked a call from the Calendly form, it redirects them to the, my, uh- Yeah. ... my, uh, um, my thank you page that's on... that was provided through, um, Easy Grow. Yep. Yeah. And that one ... (crosstalk) warm them up and then funnels them to my YouTube channel as well- Yeah. ... that way, they can g- get everything nurtured. Yeah. Perfect, man. Prior to, like, joining the program, when you were sort of growing organically through, like, school and your Instagram following, did you have any sort of metrics you were tracking, like any sort of structure, or was it more so, like, whatever traffic came your way? Well, it was more so whatever traffic came my way. Looking back, on that time, I could have done better, um, of, of tracking my leads, and also following up with them. Um, those were- Yeah. ... the team metrics, 'cause, uh, if I were to go back in time, some of these people that... if I had known what I know now, I could have signed them up a long time ago. Yeah. Yeah. Um- Yeah, for sure. And yeah, I wasn't really tracking that metrics like I should have. Um, but- Yeah. ... being in Easy Grow, I was able to track really, okay, cool, like, I know... now I know exactly what works. Like, I'm still hitting abo- I'm about to hit... I, I hit 30k yesterday. Like, I, I'm still doing everything myself because I'm still... I'm, like, almost there to finding a proven way to when I bring a setter, bring a, bring someone else- Nice. ... that way, here you go, like Charlie says too, which I n- I used to always think, "I'm just gonna hire a setter." Mm-hmm. But I'm like, "Well, yeah, but if I don't know what works, like, you know-" Exactly. Yeah. "... what am I gonna do?" So now, knowing what works with, you know, the DM sorcery and everything, so- Yeah. Yeah. I know I'm giving you a big answer on that, but that's... hopefully that answered your question. No, it's, it's, it's absolute gold, man. Um, first thing I wanna touch on, uh, coming from, you know, a business where you weren't really tracking metrics to now, fast-forward, like, four months later, you (laughs) can see how metric-heavy we are, uh, how does it feel from a, you know, control standpoint where you know exactly how many to send, how many appointments you can get, if something's not working, you know how to troubleshoot, like, how does that feel, essentially, to have in your business? It feels great because I, like... I think... I'm, I'm paraphrasing one of Charlie's quotes that I remember him, at least in his videos, is like, "You're not the sums of your highs and your lows, but you're the sums of your averages." Yep. And, um, and there is one, uh, like, my... the sales part, I'll give you a good example, right? Uh, the, the sales tracker, um, like, you know, it's easy, like, to hit that panic button if you, like, if you're... like, if you track 30, and let's say you bomb two, ten calls- Yeah. ... and you hit the panic button on everything. Uh, a real, a real-time example, uh, a couple weeks ago, I, like, lost ten in a row, I was laughing, I thought it just... like, it was funny. And then, then the next week, I closed five in a row. Hmm. So then obviously- Exactly. ... the metrics changes, right? So now I'm like, "If I don't close a deal, does it suck?" Of course, right? But I know that I'm like, "Okay, well, you know, for every X amount, I'm gonna go on a hot streak and I'm gonna be in KPI-" Yeah. "... which is, like, 35%, 40%." So, like, right now, I'm... yeah, I've been taking a lot of calls, I'm still about 35% KPI even with the ten calls that I lost. Beautiful. Yeah. So it's... you know, it's fine. Yeah. Yeah. Perfect. And- B- before I would have been... before, I would have been, "Oh, shit. What the hell is going on?" And, and that's the thing, like, before, if you're not tracking these metrics in place, whether it's sales or outbound, that internal voice within you, you start getting in your own head, "Am I s- I'm a bad salesperson. I'm... my offer's bad. Am I worthy of being a business owner?" And actually, it's like, just read the data. Yeah. You are your averages. So, um, no, I'm, I'm super happy that you made that transition, AJ, and it's great you can laugh it off knowing that- (laughs) ... actually, I'm just looking at the big- Yeah. ... bigger picture. Even though ten in a row, like, with any rep, right, it's like, "Oh, damn." But then, again, you look at the data, and you just go from there. Um, another thing I actually wanted to touch on, right, was what you mentioned about y- you're at a good point, and, um, where you're making, like... you're at 30k a month, you can easily outsource to a certain w- whatever, right? Because a lot of people, the mistake they make, they wanna come in and they just wanna give away everything, they want to say- Yeah. ... "I'll get a setter and whatnot." Talk to me about that side of things, man, because I'm a big fan of earning the right to outsource. Yeah. So in your case, it's like you're nearly there and you're probably already there, to be honest, we have to look at the metrics, but you're al- almost nearly there in being able to outsource it. How does it feel to have that power and control in your business where you know how to do the setting, meaning that when you do hire someone, you can step back in if needed? Yeah. It's, um... it's good because now I know, like, it works. Like, so the way- Mm-hmm. ... that I'm doing it works, right? So if I bring someone on, it's like, if, if it's not performing well, the setter's probably not performing, not the system. Yeah. So that's one thing that I would have... if I didn't enroll in this program, I probably would have made that mistake. Mm-hmm. Um, and like, "Oh, well, it's, you know... it's, it's the structure," and like, oh, 'cause, you know, you hire a setter, 'cause some of my coaches, they're like, they're crushing it too, and like, "Oh, yeah, I wanna bring a setter on," and I'm like, "Well, if you don't have a proven system, they're just-" Yes. "... you're just hoping... you're just hoping they figure out along the way." Yeah. And, and, um, yeah, that's one thing that I really love too with the, the sales calls, uh, the setting, um, that I know what's working.Um, so I know that I'm getting close, like, as you said, like, to outsourcing it. Mm-hmm. Um, but I think for me, it's like, I've always been the type of person to do outreach. Yeah. So right now, I do it more because it's like- Good stuff. ... I just, I'm a big believer. I just, I'll keep doing the things that I've been positively reinforced for a long period of time. Yeah. And I've always been positively reinforced through cold, warm outreach, 'cause I know it's, at the end of the day, it's just a numbers game, and, uh, especially- Yeah. ... with cold. Um, so yeah. I, uh, yeah, basically it's like, uh, it feels good to be able to have, like, systems down, to, like, know when I'm ready to leave it, I'm like, "This works. You, this better perform." Yeah. "I know it works. I did it for months, I got this many calls." Yeah. "This is the tracking." Yeah. And it just comes back to that topic of power, AJ, where it's like, I'm handing this over knowing it works. I'm not playing a guessing game. I'm not giving you a broken system. Yeah. If does, this doesn't work, I can, I can help you troubleshoot it, and then I can identify where the bottlenecks are if you in fact are the problem. But I know the system works, um, which is absolutely fantastic. So, when it comes to, um, the actual product side of things, AJ, you (laughs) were, you were obviously doing one-to-one calls and you realized that that is not a way to scale, or you're mentioning that's the direction you were going in. Uh, talk to me about that transition, man, and how you sort of evolved from the one-to-one to how things look now. I mean, being in EZ Growth's program, um, definitely, and then all of Charlie's videos and everything, and just being really obsessively, um, like, uh, like, about your product. Mm-hmm. Right? Um, like just really m- really making sure you're building a really, really, really good product. Um, and I felt like before I had a good product, but the problem though is that when you're doing one-on-one coaching calls, it's like the customer is most of the time just gonna get their fulfillment on the one-on-one coaching calls, and they're not really gonna take- Mm-hmm. ... any modules or anything 'cause they're like, "Oh, I'll just talk to AJ next week," right? It's like, no- Yep. ... you gotta take the modules to really apply everything. And then, so throughout this time of being on EZ Grow, I got really obsessive about, um, being on the, um, being obsessive about the product, therefore making it better. Yep. And therefore, I know that my stuff works, and making it in modules was, like, a big, uh, making it into more modules, right? 'Cause I, I've had, I had modules before on School, the platform that I use. Um, it, there, I did feel a little bit like, "Ooh, not doing one-on-one coaching calls?" Yep. (laughs) So I was like, you know, it was like, "No," it was like, "They can, they'll be fine." And yeah, the funny thing about it is that my coaches have been winning so much more- Love it. ... since I've actually removed myself from the one-on-one fulfillment. Um, and it's been absolutely where I'm like, "Oh, shoot. All of my coaches are just winning." 'Cause I just- Yeah. ... really got obsessive about making a great product. That's just what it was. Yep. And really got focused on that, right? It's like, Charlie's videos are just him reading most of the time off of a Google Doc. So you really develop- (laughs) (laughs) ... you really develop focus, um, watching someone for a three-and-a-half-hour video and reading off- (laughs) ... a Google Doc with no face. So I was able to get really more focused as well- Yeah. ... to develop the product. And I like what he says too, is like, um, I'm paraphrasing him, he's like, you know, like, constantly have a fear of, um, that your product's not good enough, you know? Mm-hmm, yeah. Because they're just constantly just making it better. And that's what I feel like. I'm just constantly trying to make it better, and improve, and get data, and then just make it better, make it better, make it better. Version one, version two, version three. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's, that, that's golden, man. And it's, it's funny 'cause, like, we got team principles, and that's number one. I literally got it hanging on my wall here. It's being product-centric. Like, that's why Selway, for example, William Selway- Yeah. ... head of product, uh, I wish you could see his Asana, man. (laughs) Like, I, I saw his Asana today and he sh- he needs to re-re- uh, rerecord, like, 30 videos and add, like, 30 more in. Yeah. But him and his R&D assistant, Rodian, every single day is refining the product, which is fantastic, but it's so important. What's super interesting there, AJ, what you said was, um, and this is a common misconception that a lot of people have, they think that their product, uh, the only way for their product to be good is the one-to-one aspect. Yeah. And because, oh, you know, it's personalized, it's, it's intimate, and all these things and whatnot, but actually, you're doing the clients a disservice because you're not productizing the great information you're giving them, and you run the risk of holding their hands too much, where like- Yeah. (laughs) ... you said, AJ, "Hey, I'm not gonna think for myself, I'm just gonna go run to AJ for next week for the smallest of calls." Yeah. Now, when you transition away from one-to-ones, you've got all the time in the world and the breathing room, right, to come up with, like, like as you said, spend hours on a Google Doc needed- Ah. (laughs) ... that is a great product- (laughs) ... and the coaches can essentially think for themselves and attack. Yeah, exactly. And that's one of the things that, like, I was really too, like, um, I had that fear before too. It's like, "Oh, they're gonna get, they need that." But no, it's just a limiting belief and it just, you just enroll in people. And then, um, and honestly too, the way, the way I scaled, there would be no way I can, the ma- where, how I scaled, if I was scaling with one-on-one coaching calls still, there's just no way I can do the setting, the closing, all that. Oh my god, I would be, I would shoot myself in the head. Like, that's how much it would be. (laughs) So I mean, removing myself from that fulfillment, um, was the, one of the, the best thing I could do for my business because they're getting results, they're happy, and I'm focusing on bringing in revenue for my business and enrolling more people. Yeah. That's the, that's the main thing. That's specifically what, like, you know, we preach, whether it's in Consulting Nirvana if you're a coach like yourself, AJ, or if you're an agency on it, right? Systemize the business to the point where you as the founder can focus on higher leverage activities. Yeah. So, you know, you've eliminated yourself from fulfillment, uh, to some capacity, right? Obviously you're still involved, but it's no lo- you're no longer handcuffed to it. You can focus on setting and sales calls, which funnily enough, by the way, even that's gonna be systemized to the point where your sole focus will just be, uh, product essentially down the line- Yeah. ... which is gonna be great. So killer stuff, man. Uh, AJ, talk to me about, uh, the team structure, man. Is it just you at this moment in time, or do you go- It's- ... anyone else in place? It's me. I, I, I do have an admin for my community. Um, I do- Nice. ... eventually want, like, he's al- he's a sales dude, so I do eventually wanna give him, like, the sales, like, I'll split the sales calls with him as I'm scaling to eight more, more consistent, uh, calls a day. Um, but as of right now, it's just all me with the setting- Okay. ... the sales calls. Um, but the good thing with my community, right, I've, like, I, like I said, I use School as my platform, so I have people help me with the fulfillment. Like, I have a YouTube expert in there, a sales expert in there. I do one group- Fantastic. ... I do one group call on my community, like, the one that's just gonna be in, uh, in a bit. Yep. And then that, that's about it. And then I have, I maybe do about two to four hours a week, maybe t- maybe more t- I would say more two and a half, of just, uh, maybe calls with clients. Um, but those are, like, maybe, like, through the old regime. Yeah. Uh, but for the most part, uh, the, the crazy thing about it is, like, once they're month, in month two or three, they don't really care about the coaching calls anymore. They're like, "I'll just show up to the group calls." Yeah. And so, um- Yeah. ... yeah, it's a, it's, it's me, but I do have, like, some contractors helping me out. Yeah, sweet. I was gonna start laughing out loud when you said, "They don't care about the coaching calls," 'cause it's kinda like (laughs)- (laughs) ... when you join one coaching c- so for people watching, AJ joined one coaching call, got what he needed from the videos and (laughs)- Yeah. ... decided to stay. Just went on one and that's all I needed. I don't need- No. ... to hear about offer 30 times. (laughs) You know (laughs), I just, I just, I just don't. Does that... No, uh, talk to me about that, AJ, actually, because it'd be great to hear your perspective because, um, you know, naturally our cr- program, as you know, right, there's a lot of information, right? Yeah. But you're, he- you're someone that was able to, and fair play to you, you got into the program, you just submitted your offer order and that was it. (laughs) Yeah. You didn't ask any questions. No. So talk to me about, like, how simple you found it to follow everything, execute everything, 'cause it didn't seem like on our end you n- you needed any help or anything. You just saw- Yeah. ... the videos and cracked on. Well, the videos are so in-depth, and then also too, one thing people don't realize is that, like, you watch the video, right, but then you have to, like, like, Goog- Charlie provides, like, Google Docs, so I r- I used, I was reading it too, um, as well. I would read the docs, uh, and then I would just implement after every video, uh, uh-

Mm-hmm. ... an act- there was an actionable stuff, and I would do amount of reps to be worthy enough to even ask a question, right? Because I'm not going to ... I hate when people, um, even for my stuff, it's like, they, they, they get an actionable step and, um, they don't do the actionable step required, and then they ask you a question. I'm like, "Well you haven't done it yet so you don't know if it works." (laughs) Or they just do, like, one or two, uh, two of the like, uh, like, they, they do like one or two sales calls and they bomb two- Yeah. ... and they really hit the panic button about the sales script, right? It's like, I really know ... I, I came here established, like I already roughly knew. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Um, (laughs) I know what I needed to work on, so I didn't really need my hand held. Um, I just- Yeah. ... needed more like, "All right, follow this, follow this, take this module." It was more so like came in, went on one group call, it was, "Take this module, this module, this module," and that's it. I'm like, "Cool. Amazing, that's all I needed to take." And then I just grabbed it, took everything, I just implemented it and I made it to my own, like that's all I did, like, uh- Yeah. That's literally all I did with the, with the initia- with the initiation videos, the DM Sourcery, the outbound, the sales calls, the sales script, everything. Like I just- Yep. ... grabbed it and I made it into my own, and I just implemented, implemented, implemented, and that's about it. It was pretty- Yep. ... cut and dry. It wasn't the fa- like, uh, just a lot of pe- coaches or consultants, they, like the pro- the pro- a lot of the time, like, like EZ Grow, it's a great pro- it's an absolutely great product, um, and I know it works, I just gotta do an amount of reps to be like, get m- get, get comfortable- Yeah. ... with doing it. Like, especially the follow-ups. Like the follow-ups, like, I never followed up with people that many times before. (laughs) Mm-hmm. And I, so at the first, I felt, I even I felt resistance. I felt resistance- Yeah. I did. I was like, "Oh, shit." I was like, "This is too much." Um, but after I got through like five or ten of them, I'm like, "I'll fuck it, I'll follow up people t-" and I've gotten blocked before, and it, it is, I got a negative response, but- Yeah. ... I tell people all the time, I was like, "If I do 10 messages and I follow up with them relentlessly, if I get one negative response but I get two book calls and I make one sale, am I really gonna give a shit about the one negative response?" I'm, that, I'm not really gonna care. Yes. Yeah. So. That's it. That's number- And l- love it, man. Love everything there from how you've approached the product, and yeah, you're 100% right. Like, we provide action items, execute, a- ask for feedback if needed, but if the action item's there, act on it, and then ask questions. But no, at the end, what you just mentioned there, AJ, with, um, you just summed it up perfectly when it comes to a data standpoint. Like, one, one negative reply, which obviously is a bit of a different topic, we're referring back to metrics, but that's, that's, it's still valuable. One negative reply out of like, you know, 10 positive replies and two sales, I'm banking on those 10 positives. (laughs) And that comes back to reading your data, because some people just get emotional at, "Oh my god, Noor, this client called me to do one." I'm thinking, "Okay, he told you to do one. (laughs) How, how many- Yeah. ... how, wha- what did oth- others say? Oh, they, they, they actually wanted to book a call." I'm like, "Okay, (laughs) let's, let's- There you go. ... let's read the data." So, no, fantastic stuff, man. Love it. Um, AJ, I know you sto- spoke about limiting beliefs specifically around follow-ups. Did you have any other limiting beliefs outside of that before you approached the program, or would you say that was the only one in terms of, you know, trying something new in the biz? Uh, that's a good question. Uh, so for sure it was my mindset developed too, uh, for sure. Mm-hmm. Like I, I've probably had the most growth in my whole entire life just in the time I've been with EZ Grow, just off the mindset stuff. Um, that's for sure. Nice. I think for me, uh, was the, the follow-ups, yes, uh, the tracking the systems, yes, the product, right? I got really obsessive about my product, as I mentioned when I joined EZ Grow, because I know that I can enroll a lot of people, right? Like, and especially in our field, right? It's like, I can enroll a lot of people, right? For sure. But if I have sh- if I have a shitty ass product, they're just gonna leave, and then I'm gon- and then I'm just gonna make a bad name and get a bun- bunch of one out of five stars. So I got really obsessive about the byproduct. Um, so like, I, um, when I enrolled, I knew I, I, I knew I was, I wanted a good product, but upon enrolling and taking the modules, I knew that I wanted to make a even better product. That's what I wanted because ... And I, and I know Charlie's videos to, and I believe it was, um, his YouTube video, which I, which always stuck with me in my head is like, you know, hype will always beat you temporarily, right? But if you have a really, really good product, you'll win eventually. You're, you're, you're going to win, right? 'Cause customers are gonna come, they're gonna see that and everything. So it's like, to give you like, like all these answers, it's like, yeah, it was, it was a combination of my mindset, it was the follow-ups, it was my tracking of my sales c- uh, KPI, um, my- Yeah. ... outreach, um, (laughs) the product, and- Everything. (laughs) Yeah, basically everything. Like, just really like tightening all this stuff down. So now we're like, I'm scaling now, I'm, I'm making amazing ... Like, the business is doing well, profit margins, like I'm above 90% profit margins. Uh- Oh, nice. The business is doing well. Like, it's like- Yeah. ... it's doing amazing, right? Um, and I like, it's like I do some cold traffic, not even that much. Yes. That's why it's like, you know, side note, like in the mastermind it's like, that's what I know that I'm, I know I'm gonna need that. Yeah. Um, but if I literally just keep doing what I'm doing with the same, with, with proven paid stu- pay structure, I'm gonna go to the moon. (laughs) Um, especially, and it's, and it's just like, yeah, it's also too like, I was this way before, but I was even, I got even more like this in, being in EZ Grow. Like, I just do the same shit every single day. Yep. Like, it's not flashy, it's like, I do the same call, like I do my outreach every day, I do my sales calls, do fulfillment that I n- any fulfillment. And, and it's the same thing every ... A lot of coaches just like, they'll do 100 outreaches and the next consultants that do it, and the next day they do, they get discouraged so they do 20 and then they- Yeah. (laughs) It's like a constant thing, they come on the calls and they bitch and complain when I'm like, I tell all, I tell my peop- my clients, I'm like, "Do not, if, if you do outreaching, do not come to me and you just tell me, "I only did one day, two days." Yep. I'm gonna ask you, "How many have you done? How many follow-ups have you done?" I even say that in my modules, "Do not ask me this question 'cause I will crucify you on the call." Yeah. Because- Yeah, yeah. ... I just, I don't wanna hear it, I just don't want to hear it. So, I know a lot of coaches underestimate the amount of volume it takes to really make money. Oh, 100%. When what, in coaching a consultant, they underestimate that amount of volume, and it's a shit ton of volume. Yeah. 'Cause especially if you're just starting, you suck. Like you suck- Yeah. ... and then you're gonna keep getting better over time, (laughs) right? And you're gonna keep doing your outreach, your outreach is gonna get better. You might like, even my, um-... the DM so- uh, the DM Sorcery play. Mm-hmm. My first initiation video was ass, right? Yup. I saw- I seen it the other day. I'm like, "Oh, it's ass." And now my initiations are- were just way better now. You just iterate. Exactly. Yeah. And it's- it's gonna suck in the beginning. Just like when you co- just like when you create content, when you create YouTube, your go- your content, your- everything is going to suck in the beginning. But the more you can embrace that, the better you'll get over time. Yeah. It's just how it is, so... No, no. Perfectly put, man. Perfectly put. It's, uh, I think the example you gave there, the numerical example, it's- it's of, yep, I'm feeling pumped up on a Monday. Let's get 100 outreaches done, 200 outreaches done. Tuesday comes, oh, I'm flat. I'm just gonna do 30 day- 30 outreach. Wednesday come, I feel sorry for myself. Yeah. Thursday comes, you know, the car's out of gas. And it's like, no, forget the outcome. Detach all emotion from the outcome. Let's read the data consistent 100s for X amount of day until X amount, and then we review things. And it's a massive game changer. And what you just said there, people do underestimate not just the volume I'd say, AJ, but just the outside of like out- outbound, the work required, right? Yeah. Because, um, like, to peop- to people watching this right now, (laughs) and I know, you know, AJ's making it sound easy because, you know, he's- he's- he's a natural, right? But (laughs) he- he is someone that put in the work. Like AJ- Yeah. ... you can attest to your execution watching the video. I know I made a joke about how AJ didn't ask for any help, but that does not- Yeah. (laughs) ... mean he didn't put in the sweat equity to make it work. And as you just said there, AJ, it's- it's genuinely a lot of work. Yeah, it is. It's like, it's really... Especially if you're trying to make it in the online business, like it is. Like, it's like I knew even in general enrolling in this program, like the investment, yeah, it's like, it was worth every penny, but I knew I'm still gonna have to take... I know I'm still gonna have to execute the work. Yup. Um, and yeah, like it just chews your heart like you can either like, you know, take modules with, you know, (laughs) a Google Doc, but so much value for three and a half hours back to back like I did- Yeah. ... and get actionable steps, or you can just sit on the sidelines and just- Yeah. ... just try to figure it out- That's it. ... on your own. And I was like, "Fuck it. I'm just gonna figure out... I'm just gonna really implement all this stuff." And- Yeah. ... it's amazing. It- it... I got more value off of the simple mo- Like, it's not anything fancy, but it's so valuable, him reading, Charlie op- reading off of a Google Doc. It's just- Yeah. ... it's really insanely valuable. That's it. Yeah. And, um, to people watching this, like we do have like three-hour videos, but I promise you they're- they're... I'm not even gonna say there are some short ones. You'll very rarely find a short one, but- (laughs) ... the point I'm gonna- um, the point I'm gonna make here is, you know, it's long for a reason. And A- AJ can attest to this because he's been in the online space now for a while. Um, you'll find so many programs, right, where it's just a 10-minute video, guys, okay? It's like these 10-minute, 15-minute videos, and then it just leaves you running around like a headless chicken asking a million questions- Yeah. ... and it's not your fault, but the program's been designed that way because for the person that created it, it's just a cash grab, okay? Yup. They'll just make a quick one. It took them a weekend or a week. You think it's great. You give them 497 or 997 or whatever price that ends in 97, right? Yeah. And you disappear. So, um, the length of our videos, it can be daunting, but we've made it long for a reason. It's funny, AJ, I had clients, I had a client say to me, "No, the videos are too long." I said, "Man, if- if we could make it shorter, we would, but it'd be a disservice to you 'cause it's not-" Yeah. "... gonna give you what you need. Um, and if you did want shorter videos, I'd have to redirect you somewhere that you're not gonna like 'cause it's not gonna do you justice." Yeah, it just, it just a lot of, a- a lot of value. At the end of the day, it's like- Yeah. ... I- I tried this on one of his videos. I mean, like if you, if you wanna make this investment and you can't just sit here and hear me talk about something that you need to do from somebody- Yeah. ... done it, then I don't know what to tell you. And then he says, uh, he, in his quote, like, "I don't know what to tell you, mate." Like, it's just like- (laughs) ... I- it's the truth though. Yeah. Like, honestly when I first enrolled in- That's facts. ... in- in the beginning, I was like, "Yeah, it's three and a half hours." I think the average like length is like two hours, but I- I understand that's long, but- Just- ... he's not- Yeah. ... the course is not just talking just to talk. It's like, it's like he's covering every metric because you need to know everything. That way you can see everything, right? Yeah. And it's like, literally, like, yeah, if- if you can, like, you know, like listen to that and, like, you know, bitch and complain- Yeah. ... about that, I'm like, "I don't, I don't even wanna talk to you," because of course I'm gonna- I- I'm gonna hear everything he says 'cause, you know, this program's amazing, great results. Charlie's already done it with a team and everything. So I should be soaking up every second that people that are actively doing what I want to do, I need to soak that- Yeah. ... soak that all up. Exactly. And it's funny 'cause Sam Ovens said the same thing years ago. He's like, "If, (laughs) if you can't sit down and watch a two-hour video, I'm sorry to say you're not gonna, (laughs) you're not gonna run a successful busi- uh, how can you expect to run a..." Yeah. And I think that's like the disconnect nowadays in the online world, where, and it comes back to the marketing side of things, where it's like people get sold this get rich quick scheme and whatever, but it's like, man, like you can't even watch an hour video and you genuinely think you're gonna make money online with your business. Like- Yeah. ... put- put two and two together here. Like let's get real. So no, absolutely love that, AJ. Um, AJ, one thing I wanted to touch on before we sort of round things up, you mentioned how you adapted it, the everything to your unique style, which is fantastic. Obviously, one of the things that we preach in Acquisition Genesis is the ability to think for yourself. Yeah. So for example, you may have seen some things that we teach, but actually for your market, even though we're in the same market, but for how you operate, you may say, "Actually, I'm gonna do this differently or this differently." How important was that sort of information in giving you the freedom to, like, tailor things to, you know, how it suits you, as opposed to following something that's copy and paste? Um, it was amazing because like I love... You know, I tell, I tell my people too, it's like the best ability that I can give you is the ability to think for yourself, right? Mm-hmm. Because if I give you that ability to think for yourself, you're not gonna come to me with, you know, the same question over and over again, because I- the best coaches that... the best coaches, consultants that usually crush it in any space is they take what their mentor is telling them to do and do more and make it their own. That's just usually- Yes. ... how it is, like, and that's how it is with everything. Like, and I didn't really, like...Now, I was like that. Like I- I would... I had past mentors, but even more so with, like, Charlie's stuff is like grabbing all that stuff, developing my own system and just changing it up to my language, my words, but, like, that ability to think for myself and really, like, the mindset stuff was huge because now I can... There's so many things that you guys teach that I've made it into my own. It's still the same thing, like you said in the videos- Yeah. ... that he teaches. By evolution, it's still that. Mm-hmm. But it's... You know, I made it to my own, and it's like- Yeah. ... you don't want to just copy and paste it. You re-... Like in a lot of his videos- No. Yeah. ... he says, "Ah, don't copy and paste it. Like, make it into your own." Yeah. "This is the foundation," and then do... And like, be okay with thinking outside the box a little bit. It just... When... The more you think outside the box, the better off you'll be. Yeah. Yeah, it's crazy because, like, we're, like, sort of in a online economy of, "Oh, what's the magic golden script?" Or, you know, uh, "Purchase this bundle, that's magic words- Yeah. ... and you'll suddenly get DMs." It's like, you know, there's no magic script, there's no magic outreach tool. But when you're able to actually think for yourself, um, like AJ here does and his clients does, right, um, you're basically, you're basically system proof, you're script proof, you're kind of like, you know, tech economy proof. And what I mean by that is because AJ knows the frameworks and the psychology behind the outbound systems and what makes it work, it doesn't matter if one, if one area of the business goes, like... If something happens to Facebook, he can easily tweak it because he knows how it works. Yeah. It doesn't matter if a script, uh, doesn't work, he's not gonna run to us and say, "What's the next magic script, guys?" He's like, "No, these are the components of a great script. I'm gonna make something new." So, yeah, absolutely love that, AJ. Um, with regards to where you're headed moving forward, man. So 30K, we've already hit that this month. Next month, I know you're projecting 40K. Um, what's the, what's the goal in, let's just say, another full, like, eight months' time? So then that would mark a full year, man. Where, where do you want to take this thing? Uh, I would love to be at 100K. If projected, it's like, if I just keep doing the same boring shit every single day- (laughs) ... right, and just keep doing the same thing as just hopping, sitting my ass on this desk, doing my outreach, and doing my calls, making the product better, it's not a matter about usually like when... I was like, like, "When I'll get to 100K." It's just a matter... Like, if I'll get to 100K, it's always a matter of when, right? Yeah. It's like... So I, I... God willing, like, yeah, in a year I would love to be at 100K. Um, if I combine that with a good paid ad structure and with... Keep doing the same output I'm doing, I'll be fine, so- Yeah. Yeah, just 100K for sure. Yeah, fantastic stuff. So to people watching this right now, uh, please mark this as part one. If AJ has, uh, more time for me in a year's time or a couple of months' time, hopefully he's not too busy for me, (laughs) I'll get- Mm-hmm. ... him on for part two, as, uh, there's going to be a lot more to come, so watch this space. Um, so yeah, as we kind of round things up, AJ, typically there's two groups of people that watch these interviews. Um, the first of which is, uh, the first of which are current clients, the second of which are, you know, people that have yet to join the program. Maybe they wanna think about it, maybe they're on the fence, maybe they already had a sales call and they're a bit skeptical, which is perfectly fine. For current clients, what would you say to them? And, uh, I'd- I'd... I'm quite excited for your answer because I know you, you work with cli- your clients and you, you find- Mm-hmm. ... you probably give them a, like, a roasting of due works, so- Yeah. Yeah, man, what would you say to current clients in order to... for the best, you know, tips to succeed? Lock yourself in a room, take the courses, take action, do the amount of volume that it takes for you to be worthy to ask a question if it's, "Hey, this isn't working," and- Yep. ... do one or two. Come to me when you t- when you do at least- (laughs) ... depends on, depends on the method, but if it's sales calls, 30. If it's outreach, minimum- Yeah. ... I would go like 100 per day for, like, at least seven days, and then you can let me know what coaching you need. Um, and just like... Yeah, be tunnel vision, be focused. And at the end of the day, it's like, that's what you need to do to be focused. Like, I've always told people, it's like, I actually believe that it's really, really easy to be a successful online coach. I don't think it's hard at all. I think that the reason why coaches get it wrong is because they just get distracted by every little thing. Yeah. And they're not focused. They're... And that's usually what it is. Like, the fact that I can ma- I can right now make a post on social media and probably generate me thousands of dollars is crazy, opposed to me walking out of my office and door knocking on everyone's door. It's crazy. That- The fact that I can just go on someone's Instagram and just send them a message, even... whether they follow me or not, get a positive reply, get a booking, and they potentially make me X amount of money without me ever having to leave my office, it's pretty crazy. But the problem is that social media is built...