# Alexis Moreno: $0 to $15k per month in 25 months

Okay. What's happening, everyone? Hope you guys are doing well. Welcome back to yet another client interview for Imperium. Today, I'm joined by, uh, one long-serving client of ours who's been with (laughs) us for about two years, and I cannot wait for him to int- uh, I cannot wait to interview him because, uh, this is gonna be a great story about grit and biting down on the gum shield and just getting it done. So I'm really gonna enjoy this one. I know he's gonna enjoy it as well. And he's been kind enough to give me some of his time today. So, Alexis, obviously, I've had the pleasure of knowing you for (laughs) quite a long time now, which is fantastic. But for the people watching, uh, why don't you introduce, uh, who you are, uh, the clients you serve, and the transformation you deliver to the clients. So my name is Alexis Moreno. Basically, I work with agency owners, coaches, consultants. Um, what we do for them is to help them install client acquisition systems so they can, uh, basically grow the business uh, the way they want to grow it and just actually build something proper that delivers value. That's what we do for them. Fantastic. And just to paint a picture in the people who's watching it mind, right, how much were you making when you first joined us compared to how much you're making now? So when I joined, I was at zero per month. Uh, basically. (laughs)  I was making nothing. I think I had only signed like one or two clients for like 25, 50 bucks monthly. (laughs) Like, when you are really, really starting. And last month, I just made 15K in cash collected, so yeah. Love it. There we go. And to also let the viewers know, and you could probably break the story down for them, how long has it been since you've been with us? (laughs) So it's been pretty much two years at this point since, since I joined. It's been definitely a journey. That's what I can say. Like, a really painful journey. (laughs)  That's definitely the word. Love it. Absolutely. Let's, let's talk about that journey 'cause people are gonna be wondering about that, right? And, you know, such a wonderful story at hand. Let's go back to day one, which was about 720 something days ago, (laughs) right? (laughs) Yeah. What drove you to join the program in the beginning? Tell the people a bit more about your story, man, and, you know, what made you join Easy Growth to begin with? Okay. I actually need to think about that. Um, what made me join Easy Growth? So basically, I think it was, uh, a mix of, of different elements because first of all, I have tried different courses, different programs, different services to, like to get clients or to get money in the business and didn't really make any one of them work, didn't really get any results. And then, uh, uh, I, I don't really remember when I, when I discovered Charlie, I discovered his YouTube channel, started watching his stuff and everything. Didn't really apply much, but kind of resonated a lot with me. And then, one of the days, I just decided to book a call just to, you know, just curiosity, like, "What do you guys do?" All that stuff. I remember telling, um, Jack Soriel, the rep, "Hey, man. I'm here just to look what you do. I'm not gonna buy absolutely anything today. (laughs) Just wanna know what you can actually do for me." And he, he, he completely changed my, my way of viewing things in that call. Mm-hmm. And he actually hit the right spots so I could actually buy out of all the fear that I had at that time, no money, all that stuff. Like, I don't, I don't even know how I got the money (laughs)- (laughs) ... to be honest, to make that first payment. I don't even know. But yeah, uh, from that call, uh, I don't even think I even had the money to make a deposit. I think what I did after the call was, "I'm just gonna try to get money on my own some way or another and gather enough money to make that first payment, and we can get started." And it was like, basically, you were just playing with time. Mm, you made the first payment, then you have like 30 days to actually work as hard as you can to actually make enough for the next payment so you can stay in, in the program. So after that call, something click, uh, on myself. Like, and I remember the next two weeks, I signed, I think it was two or three clients, which I had never done before (laughs), by the way. Um, I got my first high-ticket client. I charged the guy 1.6K and with that, and I also had a girlfriend at the time that sent, uh, sent me some money, I was able to get started with you guys. And from that on, it completely changed my life. Yeah. Absolutely. Love it. Now, Alexis, it's been such a long time ago (laughs) 'cause it's been two years, right? When you first joined the program, talk to me about how you approached things to get to where you've gotten to. And you can even reference what we were speaking about before, you know, you started recording about- Mm-hmm. ... um, the journey in terms of like the limiting beliefs you had and- Mm-hmm. ... specifically why it took as long as it did, um, to get- Mm-hmm. ... where you are now, man. Yeah. So basically, uh, I would say, um, it has been like two phases in Easy Growth. So the first one was, "Okay, I'm, I'm completely new here. Uh, first (laughs) I knew something about business mindset, all that stuff. I didn't know anything. So it was everything completely new. It was really painful because, you know, like Charlie records (laughs) hour-long videos. You have to watch like 50 of those. (laughs) Yeah. (laughs) So I was not used to that level of work. I was not used to, uh, actually taking something seriously.So, it was, it was really difficult at the beginning. I didn't understand e- absolutely anything. Like, it was like learning a new language. That's how it felt the first time. And I remember doing some work, but not really knowing what I was doing. So, (laughs) that's how it felt at the beginning. So, uh, I built the first, um, like, like the first run-through. That make sense? Like- Mm-hmm. ... you get the first systems, you execute a little bit all the stuff. Uh, didn't really get nothing. Go back to the fundamentals again. Re-study that, re-watch that. I, I did that, like, three, four, five times before I actually got, like, I started booking some calls and all that stuff, uh, try... and just do it a bit better. What business were about... was about, uh, the role mindset played about that, why you guys do the things the way you do them. Like, basically was the whole year (laughs) just studying fundamentals, basically. And I, I've rec- kind of, like, identified a lot of limiting beliefs that I had, like, from my upbringing. As I mentioned before, no, like, I didn't have the best one, like... Um, and I'm really, um, a guy that oscillates from one extreme to another one, because, um, I saw this in... like, when I was a child, like, my parents at one point, they were millionaires. Like, they were making, like, two, three mil per year with their business. Next year, they had nothing. Hmm. And, and that was kind of, like, uh, just polarity in that sense. So yeah, I'm kind of that guy too. I'm, I'm still working on this. Yeah. But I really go deep into something (laughs) and stay in there- Yeah. ... until I can't no anymore. So yeah, that's... that helps, but at the same time, that can be a bit hard, if that makes sense. Like, if you don't really know what you are doing especially, like you don't really know yourself, which is where the mindset really plays a, a big role. So, after that, firstly I was just, like, reprogramming my mind, slightly. Because again, I was trying to figure s- stuff out. I was trying to make the business work on one side. I was trying to understand the mindset stuff on the other side. I was... I, I had a lot of limiting beliefs, like, I didn't know what appointment booking was, I didn't know you had to do sales first to actually sell (laughs) all that s- I didn't know anything (laughs), basically. So yeah, that first year was basically get the first few results, get the first few clients, and actually understanding what the game is about, and myself too. Yeah. And, uh, I believe I got... Yeah, best, best month of that year was that ep- that I told you, like exactly one year ago, I signed around seven or eight clients in that month. But again, I was charging like 1K (laughs). Yeah. I was collecting like- To- doesn't pay the payment plan. (laughs)  Yeah, so I was charging 1K for my services, and I usually did that on a payment plan, like it was like, 333 or 500, something like that. Yeah. I was making no money basically. So I signed eight clients just to make like 3K, and that was like my best month. And then, of course, like, because I never had money, I didn't really understand how to manage it, any like that, uh, I, I made that 3K, I was completely burned out. I literally had to stop for like two months, and then I just spend those 3K like there was no tomorrow basically, (laughs) because- Yeah. ... I never had any of that. And then I was like, "Shit, what, what happened with the money? Where's the money?" Where's the money gone? (laughs)  So yeah, that was like, kind of like the best win in that point. At that point, I believe I was not working with you anymore, guys. Uh, I think it was just a month before we, we stopped working. And then, uh, I'll, I'll be completely honest with you. (laughs)  I don't know if this is right or not to say, but, um, I didn't have... I thought I didn't have money to join back. I was like, "Okay, um, I can assign some clients, I think I can kind of go on my own for a little bit." But I knew those fundamentals were everything. So, I basically, uh, look online, bought one of those courses you are not really allowed to buy- Yeah. ... and (laughs) for like a couple hundred bucks, and I kept going, just assigning those fundamentals, acquisition genesis and, and sales transference. Yep. And more or less stayed at that same revenue, like 2K, 3K. Didn't really know what I was doing, because I thought I had to really, really work on the product when I actually had to get more clients in because the product was not a problem, but I was just coping with sales. Hmm. So, it got to a time, uh, like three months ago, just before the new year, where I was like, "Okay, I'm completely lost." And actually, I was going to spend this 2026 building the product, like doing more product work. (laughs) But the product was not the problem. So, I talk again to Jack Soriel, we were looking at, at all the stuff, like what's going on and everything. Um, I actually knew that I was just coping, I was delaying that actual work, the booking more calls, the selling more, the charging more, all that stuff that is actually going to grow the business. Yeah, product's important, of course. Yeah. (laughs) I didn't have a, a product issue in that sense. I just needed to, to charge more, to get more clients, to, to just get more volume. So yeah, I left a deposit that second time we have the call, and then a month later... It was actually terrifying. Like, that January was terrifying, this last one, because I had like 1.7K or like 2K in, in monthly recurring revenue, and I was like, "Okay, I collect this, I've got this to it, and then I just get started with you guys." My God, I didn't collect shit, bro. Like, I look- Yeah. ... I was like, "What is going on with the clients?" Yeah. So, I was just relying on that, if that makes sense. Um, at, at the end of the day, I, I kind of collected 70, 80% of that.I was terrible. I was like, "I don't have the money to do this." (laughs) I had to took, like, to take out, like, two microloans, like small loans you get to like, like quick cash, to actually get on board with you. (laughs) I was like, "Fuck man, what's going on?" (laughs) Yeah, yeah. So yeah, I got it started. Uh, Jack told me, "Man, you kind of know a little bit about how the program works and everything. Your biggest problem is sales. Just decide what you want to do and focus on that." So I went straight to sales the second time. Build... Actually study and built, uh, Sales Genesis 2.0. Got into the coaching calls with Christian. And yeah, from the 31st of January to the 27th, 28th of February, I've made 15K. That's sick. And I, and I got in on the 20s, 20 something of January because it was just the time it took me to build the, the sales system. Amazing. Absolutely incredible stuff. To people watching this, I can make this title shiny and show, "Yeah-" (laughs) ... "Alexis joined in January then made it in..." And we can do the thing that marketers do and go- (laughs) ... "Yeah, you know, this guy..." No, Alexis was with us for a very long time and, um, it's an amazing story because he, he, he gives you context where it's like, you know, as much as we'd want it to be like one month success story, this is a great example of someone who, uh, as I mentioned, bites down on the gum shield, spends a year doing mindset work, theory-based stuff and whatnot, having these limiting beliefs and he keeps going, which then allows him to rejoin the program (laughs) and achieve what he's achieved here. Now, another thing to the viewers watching, and A- Alexis will know this more than anyone, if I had titled it, "Alexis Gets To 0 To 15K In One Month Or Two Months-" (laughs) ... ... you all would think he could do that. (laughs) But you would have missed the- Yeah. ... 23 months of work Alexis put in beforehand. (laughs) So I just wanted to reference that. But no, that is fantastic stuff, Alexis, and I'm so grateful for you breaking it down. And again, I myself have seen the evolution and growth, and now I've been... I've had the pleasure and privilege to see the win posts, right, um, and compare it to when you first started and it's, it's fantastic. So amazing stuff, brother. With regards to, um, the, the business, right? How are you currently setting appointments for yourself, man? What does that look on, on the appointment setting side of things? Okay. So right now, I've got a setter that I just hired full time. Like she's-she's been with me since day one. Like since... I actually, uh, went to the appointment setting module, how to do the stuff back in the day. So she's from sh-... I think she's the first setter I actually hired. And she's stuck with me for these two years. (laughs) She's amazing, basically, for that. Wow. So, yeah. And, and she was kind of like doing setting for myself, um, for the business, and then she was working like full-time job for her family and all those stuff. And recently, uh, a- after this, I was able to just tell her, "Hey, just come work here full time." Uh, because she told me... Since the first day, I was like, "Uhh, as soon as I get the money, (laughs) I'll get you here." Because she's, she's actually great. So she was booking... Sh- she's booking around 30 to 40 appointments per month, like part-time. Nice. Just, you know. Nice. Yeah. Yeah. So I knew, I knew I just had to make it happen. And right now, uh, the plan is to double that. Get to like 60, 80, maybe even 100. She can do that, for sure. Just need to give her the tools. And invest a little bit more like in, into accounts, into some AI maybe, um, Sales Nav, all that stuff. Yeah. And just get it done, man. But yeah, she's, she's absolutely amazing. She's... Like, I, I wouldn't have the business I have r- today if it wasn't for her. Like she's- Yeah. And she's really supporting, like... She, she has seen me in all the stages, especially with sales calls. Yeah. Because sales is really emotional, especially at the beginning. Yeah. I was like, "Fuck, man, I suck at this thing." You know (laughs) and I was like... And she, she's always like regulating me a little bit. Like, "Hey, you are not..." Yeah. I don't know who said that. Um, but someone said, "You are not as, uh, as good as you think you are, and you are not as bad as you think you are." Yeah, absolutely. When, when in the good times and in the bad times. So she kinds of holds me to that. Yeah, yeah. Like, "Just keep going." (laughs) Yeah, fantastic. Yeah, she, she, she was with you from there. She waited like 700 days (laughs) until you- (laughs) Yeah, yeah. ... she said, love it. There we are. No, love it, love it, Alexis. What system specifically did you use? Was it DM setting or, like, was it the emails ones for yourself? No, I'm actually using DM Surfing. That's the only system I've, I've built since the beginning. Um... Yeah. I realized the offer was the, the key thing to make any system work. Absolutely. I didn't really know when I realized that, but, uh, I kind of like figured it out. So yeah, um, I knew the system worked in that sense because again, agency owners, coaches, consultants are on LinkedIn, right? Yeah. So it's like- (laughs) ... I'm finding them easily. Yeah. I'm texting to them. It's like, "Why I'm not really getting the results I want?" It was the offer. Yeah. It was... That, that first offers were just myself trying to stay in my comfort zone. Yeah. Just do the thing I know how to do, all that stuff. So- Let's talk about that, man. Let's talk about... (laughs) There's two things I wanna touch on. Your first offer- (laughs) ... compared to what is now, and secondly, the pricing. How that changed. (laughs) 'Cause there's, there's an evolution in both regards. Yeah. Both of the most important levers you can pull on, right? Let's, let's stick with the offer. What did it look like before- Mm-hmm. ... compared to what it looks now? So, first version of the offer, actually what I was offering was performance coaching for, for, for entrepreneurs. I think that was the actual offer. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. (laughs) Something like that. I had it pulled up just before you, yeah. (laughs) (laughs) Yeah, so that was the first version. The second one was like, "I'll, I'll double your revenue in whatever days," or something like that. Then the third one was with the guarantee, the refund guarantee. And then with one of those versions, I don't really know which one was exactly, I booked some calls, and then by doing just sales calls, uh, I closed my first client. But this is the really, really interesting thing, and it was actually the key. That client closed because, uh, at some point I mentioned, um, systems to build the business. To get more clients, to get more, more appointments, to get more revenue, right? Mm-hmm. And they were like, "Yeah, yeah, that, like, performance stuff is nice, but we really want this." And they actually end up closing because of that. (laughs) (laughs) And I was like, "Hold on, what's going on here?" (laughs) Hmm. And I studied that. I was like, well, maybe people actually want... At least at this, uh, stage, at the beginning, what they want is to just get more clients, get more money, get more stuff, right? So then as, as I told you before, I literally grabbed the easy grower offer, the one you were running before- Yeah, yeah. ... get 20 clients in six months or your money back and the 5K. Just keep in mind, I didn't have any experience getting clients. I only had one client (laughs) at that time. (laughs) And I didn't really have 5K (laughs) at all. (laughs) I was like, "Man, I know this is working and I'm, and, and I'm running out of time." Like that was like the last month I had maybe like two months left with you guys and I didn't have any money. I was like, "I just have to make it work, because what is the other option? I just go get a job?" And wanted to die bro, thinking about that. (laughs) I was like- Yeah. ... "That shit not happening." (laughs) So I was like, "Okay, what do I actually need to do so I can guarantee the success that at least I'm going to be booking appointments?" I was just not talking about getting clients, but at least having the opportunity to talk to people, so I can develop the sales skill. I was like, "This offer."

It is proven. It is validated. Just make it work. So, I put that offer (laughs) with all the fear at that time, 'cause I was terrified. Like- Yeah. ... I was absolutely terrified, but I knew I had to do that. I did it. I built a new VSL, which we still use up to this day. (laughs) Hmm. And, and we just, um, we actually started using that system, that VSL. We actually started booking some appointments. Um... Yeah. I, I think, yeah, we got a 2.5% ABR. Yeah. With, with that offer and, and that VSL. And it actually holds up to this day. Wow. And it's been like a year and a half since ... or something like that. Yeah. Wow. That is, that's insane. It's like, the fact that you had the offer rotate so many times, right? And it was, it stems from a fact of like, um, what would you call it? It stems from a place of fear, like you said, with staying comfortable, staying comfortable. As soon as you enter discomfort, isn't funny how you figure it out? Yeah. (laughs) Isn't it funny how your business starts moving forward? So, fantastic stuff. At the same time, if anyone's in the program, please, please don't constantly change your offer to a, to a, to an offer that's not gonna make a difference, like Alexis here. (laughs) Yeah. I, I'll also tell you upfront if your offers not working. And then if your cha- offer change is needed, and if the change is viable. But, no, jokes aside, fantastic stuff, A- Alexis, and I'm super happy for you in that regard. Um, let's stay on the topic of fear, with the offer. Now, when you started working with the clients- Mm-hmm. ... I'm assuming, obviously the fear was still there. My god, man. (laughs) But it probably, it probably wasn't as bad as you thought when you started to get- (laughs) ... like, results and whatnot. Like, you, you can walk me through it, man. Yeah. So again, I was terrified. I was like, uh, I've only closed one client in my life using this system, this stuff. It probably looked like, max like 10 appointments (laughs) with what I was doing. Hmm. I was like, well, I kind of figured it out. I think I can help other people with... Because this is more or less the same, right? Mm-hmm. Uh, how to create a decent offer knowing that they just, it, it just needs to be better than everything in the market. That was my idea at the beginning. Right? So I, I just go to, I, I call it, just go to the safe place. Like, if you're just, if you're just the best (laughs), you cannot fail. So, that's actually the standard I hold my clients up to now. Like, you just need to make the best offer in the market, and then just learn how to deliver it. Because that's literally how, how I did it. So, again, I only knew the niche stuff, the offer stuff, uh, and I had the DM sourcing system. And then, uh, I ran like five sales calls before, or six sales calls, something like that. But I was like, "Okay, this is good enough." Right? (laughs) We can get this. We can... I, I was basically doing the work for them at that point. Like, we were doing it together, but I was, I, I still do this right now actually. But I just get into there, and I have to send like a two-hour Zoom reviewing absolutely everything with my, like, my notes here about why things have to be this way, and all the stuff, so they actually understand it and they actually listen to me. Because at the end of the day, I'm the expert, right? Well, I think I'm an expert right now. Not to your point, but definitely the how I was at the beginning. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Look at that. He's brave now. (laughs) That's it. So, so yeah. And, and I was like, "Okay, this is the process I did. I'm gonna do it with these guys." Fantastic. And that actually worked. And my god, that feeling when I was like, uh, when one of the clients told me, "Hey, we just booked the first appointment." I was like- Oh. It, it was amazing. (laughs) That was it? It was like, yeah. Now, now the man's raising prices- (laughs) ... ta- talking about when he's coming to Dubai to see me as well. (laughs)  So yeah, that, that's why, that's why it does feel nice. Yeah, true man. Love it, Alexis. Cool, man. So, that's the offer side of things. Yeah. And of course what you said is absolutely true. It's like you need something people want, right, and, people, it's a no-brainer. And that's what you have now. And then you destroyed that fear, which is never a nice feeling, in all seriousness. When the client got there- Yeah. ... you're probably thinking, "Oh, great. Now, now I can sell more," which is great. (laughs) Talk, talk to me about the price thing, man. 'Cause I know that we, we had the payment plans at like three- Yeah. (laughs) ... $300 like for a month for God knows how many months. Also... Talk to the people about how you changed that, and how the price looks now then. So, this is the thing with price. It, it was actually fear, too. Yeah. Right? And I'm still working with that, by the way. But it was that fear of raising prices is gonna make sales calls harder, people are not gonna buy. Yeah, yeah. It's, it's pretty common, right? But for myself, because I didn't, I've never had any money. Like, I, I used to think like 50, 50 euros, 100 euros was like a literal treasure, and that could be like a whole month of food back in the day. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I, I didn't expect someone to say like, "Hey, 2K, this is like, like for what you are doing." Like, uh, uh, that just didn't... Hmm. I just didn't know that was possible, right? (laughs) Yeah. So, I was extremely surprised when I was selling this stuff at 1K. I was really, really happy. (laughs) Again, like, I'm making like some money here. I though 3K was a lot of money, um, back in the day. But yeah, it got to a point where I was working bas- basically in the last few years. Uh, I just told you, I, I'm starting a break right now. I just haven't stopped volunteering the last two years. I stopped, but burned out. (laughs) Like, I spent like two months just eating and sleeping, because I couldn't do anything. Right? But, it was just to making this thing work. Yeah. So, it got to a point where I was like, okay, I'm working I don't know how many hours per week. I'm not even sleeping. I'm not doing anything at this point. And I'm making like 2K per month. So, I know prices, uh, uh, you can leverage price really easily, because it's saying a different number (laughs) than the whole process. And they just need to say yes.So, I spent this last Christmas, the last two, three months working on the product. Not because the product was, was not good enough. Again, I didn't have any issues in terms of product. Uh, I still don't. Like, I haven't had any disputes, any refunds, any of that. Good. I don't know where it is up to this day. But it was more of the confidence in myself to actually ask- Mmm. ... for that 3K. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So yeah, because e- even when I was selling at 2K, I didn't really get much clients at 2K. I got, like, five or something like that. And I really struggled doing sales calls, because I kind of, like, didn't have that confidence in myself. Because I, I just knew the product worked. Like, the numbers are really easy. Like, okay, someone pays 1K, 2K, I just get them two clients. I'm literally promising 20. (laughs) You know? Yeah. Like, I give you money back. So it's like, the numbers are there, and, and I have these clients getting results, getting appointments, all that stuff. So it's like, it's not about that. It was about myself. It was that fear of what if I don't sell anything, right? Yeah. So sometimes you just need to say, "Fuck it, we ball." (laughs) And you just grab a big pair of those- Yep. ... and you go like, "Okay." Um, again, this was backed up by the, by the work I did before on the, on the product. Like, I was like, "Okay, this shit is actually really nice," and I was more confident about it. But I was still thinking like, "Okay, let's, let's charge 2.5" (laughs). (laughs) I was like, "2.5 and I lost that." I was like, "Okay, fuck it." I went to 3K, and then I changed price positioning, um, to, like, 3K if you pay now in the first two, uh, in the first two payments. And then, uh, if you do on the third one or the fourth one, I just add another 20, 25% to that, right? So I did some sales calls. I closed a guy that paid the 3K in full. I was like, "What just happened?" (laughs)  I just, I literally made my best month- Yeah. ... like, last April. And I had to, uh, I think I did that month, like, 40, 45 sales calls to close eight clients. Yeah, yeah. I was like, "I did, like, two or three. (laughs) I just got 3K-" Okay. "... and I only need to handle a client right now." I was like, "This is fucking nuts," and I got more confident. Yeah. Now you don't need to do the 300 a month stuff. (laughs) Yeah. Uh, and I got a bit more confident. I was like, "Okay-" Yeah. "... uh, next week, I went like, let's 4K just for fun. Let's see what happens." What's, what's worst case scenario, right? You go, you do a full week of sales calls. No one buys. You get back to 3. You know it sells, right? (laughs) Hmm. I did, I did the 4K, 5K payment plan. I actually signed the guy on a 5K payment plan. I was like, "Nice." And then I just kept going up. (laughs)  After they told me, uh, uh, there was a point, and, and you actually, uh, read this, uh, when I posted. Like, I'm just looking for that point where people tell me it is expensive. (laughs) Oh, yeah, I got the point. Yeah. Yeah. (laughs)  I was like, "What is this point, bro?" So yeah, I, I went to 3 to 4 to 4 to 5 to 5 to 7.5, and- Yeah. ... 7.5 pips, 9K payment plan. I actually signed, uh, my last client a 9K payment plan. There we are. (laughs) So it's not, it's not, it's not- That's a lot of leverage, bro. (laughs)  And that, that- We, we went from 1K payment plan all the way to, to 7.5 payment plan and 9K pip. That's not bad, bro. Yeah, uh, and that was, like, this month, uh, this last month. Yeah. Cool. So I was like, the only thing I did was sales. Like, the sales Genesis module- Yeah. ... to remember how to actually sell, because I had forgotten that. And then just raise the price- Yeah. ... until they say, "Hey, it's actually expensive." And they actually buy- Yeah. ... even if it is expensive, bro. (laughs)  I just leave it at that. You just leave it there. Love it. Cool, man. Alexis, you've been with us for, like I said, you've been part of the ecosystem for two years. I know you had a bit of a break, then you came back to us, right? There's so many things in the program. You got the group support. You got the coaching calls. You got these crazy videos. You've got me to annoy you across the post- (laughs) ... and whatnot, right? Um, what are some of the things that you love about the program, man? What are some of the things that stand out? Hmm. I'll start with the content. Mm-hmm. The content is just extremely good. Charlie does an amazing job. Well, Charlie, uh, Saleaway right now. Yep. Um, all the coaches and stuff. But what actually stood out for me was that, and I'm not gonna say it was the only thing that actually helped me get to this point, but man, really going into the weeds with this stuff. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Like, that really actually helps. Like, and, and I'm that type of guy that the more I know about something, the better I can think about it and the more I understand it, um, and I reason with it. So for me, it's just amazing. (laughs) Because I was like, "Okay, yeah, this video might be, like, uh, three hours long, but I'm actually gonna come out of, out of this knowing how to build a proper offer." Yeah, that's it. And yeah, so that, that was kind of, like, the key thing. I, I actually love the content. Like, I'm actually gonna revisit the fundamentals now in, in these two weeks that I'm gonna take that break. That's because I love them. (laughs) Yeah. So and then also the support. I didn't really value the support as much at the beginning. Again, I didn't really know anything about business and all that stuff. But now, I really see how valuable it is. Mm-hmm. Just to have someone telling you, "Hey, this is right," or, "This is wrong," or, "You need to do this to actually make it work," that's really the key. And if you actually listen, which is something I didn't do for, like, (laughs) six to eight months probably- (laughs) ... to actually get results. And I, I think it was, um, I don't remember the name of, of this guy, but one of the OGs in the community, uh, said, "Actually listen to Charlie, and you'll win." Yeah. I was like... And, and then when I started to listen to Charlie, (laughs) I started to win. And then my mindset was like, "Well, the more I listen to Charlie, the more I win." Yeah. Absolutely right. (laughs) That's it. So yeah, that was it. The content, the support, the community's great. Like, I remember...... the first time I, I got in, um, again, it's kind of like really, really painful to put a lot of work for like six, eight, eight months to barely get any results. Mm-hmm. And just seeing the wins, like going through the win stack- Yeah. Yeah. ... like, hey, this guy made it happen. Like- Yeah. ... we, we are what? Like, he might be the next DM. He might be the next sales call. He might be the next, the next offer. I don't know. I was just- Yeah. ... clinging to anything (laughs) to just keep it going. Yeah. Good. At that point. And now, now, as I said to you, you're a fantastic role model for people watching this- (laughs) ... that aren't part of the community, but even part of the community, that are probably in the same position as you. (laughs) Alexis has now become what he was once seeing 'cause he's busy posting wins. We don't... We see more wins than questions from him nowadays. (laughs) Which I'm, which I, which I'm happy with, of course. But no, amaz- amazing stuff, Alexis. I actually wanted to touch on the, the theory stuff, because you've constantly referenced that you've rewatched Acquisition Genesis, right? Yeah. How important is that module to your success, understanding the theory and fundamentals? Because one thing that a lot of people seek, they want the magic script, they want- Yeah. ... the magic tool, they want the magic cold call thing, all these things. But Acquisition Genesis doesn't show you that. It shows you how to think. So talk to me about- Yes. ... your experience with the module, man, and how important that has been to your success. Okay, so, uh, as I mentioned at the beginning, at the beginning, it was just pure pain. Like, I didn't understand anything. Anything. Like I was like, "What is this? Why do I need to learn this? Uh, how is it gonna help me?" All that stuff, right? Again, I came in... Uh, (laughs) actually, Jack told me, because I wanted to get like to 20K per month back in the day, right? And Jack told me, "Man, you can be making like 20K in two months." I was like, "Fuck this guy." You know, it eats that fire in you (laughs) and you're like... Yeah. Yeah, I was, I was like... Yeah. I'm like two months in, and I'm still watching Acquisition Genesis. (laughs) Yeah. Like, what's going on with that? And it, it was painful. It was really painful because, again, it was like learning a new language that you didn't really- Yeah. ... understand it and trying to put something together from that, and trying to see how that is actually going to help you get clients. I was like, "Why are you talking about me?" Yeah. When did I get to watch like 30, 40 hours of this stuff? Yeah. Right? I, I, I want to get clients. Yeah. I want to be booking appointments with sales call, all that stuff, right? So that was at the beginning, but then I realized that I started to think different, and I was starting to make better business decisions. Uh, and not just business, but also personal stuff. Um, and it got to a point, I'm, I'm not gonna say click, but the more I watched the stuff, the more I carried that with me and the more results I kind of got, too. So it just got to a point, I think it was the fourth... Probably the fourth time, the, the time when I put the actual offer we run now. Yeah. That I said, "Okay, let's sit down with this for like, however long it takes." Actually, that's how I think right now. However long it takes, and just make sure you do it to the best of your ability. Like, study it, like I, I started pen and, pen and paper, got probably like something like 15 pages of like, like sheets of paper of just taking notes and actually studying it. And I think that groundwork is what actually has carried with me in, from that point, because I know that the way I think right now about business, about myself, about client acquisition is completely different to what I used to think about it before. And I actually understand now what is business, what is client acquisition, uh, what's the important mindset. And if you... You, you don't... Actually, you don't even need the systems. You don't even need the, the outreach, the, the strategies, the cold email, the sales. You don't need anything of that. If you really understand the fundamentals, you can just win. And this is actually something I use, uh, with my clients and on sales call sometimes. I tell them, "Look, the fundamentals are really, really important," right? "That's why we actually place a lot of focus on that. And you actually need to work a lot (laughs) to get that right." Yeah. And I actually tell them that. I'm like, "Do, do you see my offer, right? Like, you are here because you know I can help you get clients and all that stuff." So I can do the next thing. I can write this offer in a piece of paper and I... And just go outside, put it like on a bus stop or someplace like that. And I know that if a, um, an agency owner, a coach, a consultant just go by, sees the offer, and it's my number, that he's gonna call me. Yes. And they're like, "You don't actually need client acquisition system." Of course, they actually help. (laughs) (laughs) But it's about understanding what do you need to give to the person you are buying... Uh, sorry. What do you need to give to the, um, to the people you actually want to help- Yeah. ... and knowing who is that person? Yeah. And once you know that, e- everything just flows easily. Like, right now, I get objections, things like that, that my shelter sometimes handles to me. I'm like, "Just say this." And I don't even think about it. Like, "What am I going to say?" And just, "Just say this." Like, whatever comes- Yeah. ... out of my mouth. And they just work, and they end up booking and all this stuff, like... Again, (laughs) it's about that. It's because you know how to think, you know the framework, you know what you need to tell them. You actually understand w- where that is coming from, 'cause there's always a reason, and you can tackle that reason, and they just move them to, to the next step in, in terms- Yeah. ... of like the acquisition system. Yeah. And it, it's everything to me, man. Yeah. Like, uh, uh, right now, I don't even look for like email systems. Uh, I don't look for anything right now, like... Yeah. If I, if I could only do something, I would just constantly watching those fundamentals. Yeah, I love it. I'm taking this break, uh, right now, so I can actually watch the fundamentals, because I haven't watched them in, in like three or four months. (laughs) Yeah, love it. Amazing, man. It's like the theory and fundamentals, the foundations, they s- they build everything else. And then like you said, where it's like, "Oh, what, what are you talking about in this video? I just want to go through." (laughs) That's how everyone is, right? Yeah. But then after they complete it, they're like, "Oh, the, the scripts-" Yeah. "... make so much sense now. This strategy makes sense." They... We've had clients skip this, and they don't know what they're doing with the script, and it's like, "Oh." (laughs) 'Cause you didn't watch the first week. It all links, you know? So... Yeah. Fantastic stuff, fantastic stuff, man. Um, fun question for you here, man. Mm-hmm. How does version one of you look like compared to the version I'm speaking to right now in terms of limiting beliefs? What identity shift did you have to make in order to succeed? And I know you've probably had a lot. So what would you say the biggest one- Yeah. ... were, man? (laughs) The biggest ones... Oh, man. That's a, that's an amazing question, actually. Uh, let me think about that for a second. Um... I, I think that the main ones that Charlie talks about, like you just need to take responsibility for your shit. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Like, it is all your fault. That's it. And as soon as you start owning everything, you start failing. Yep. You just start having control about that, you start putting excuses, all that stuff. It is all your fault, basically. So... And, and that's a great feeling. Like, yeah, I, I might have fucked it up after this point, but that doesn't mean that... That... Actually, this is another one. Like...

... my past doesn't dictate my future. Hmm. Which to me, that is a huge one because again, like, I'm, I was so used to live the same cycle over and over again. Like, there's never money, all that stuff, right, with my parents and everything. And, and I just felt like, uh, I, I wasn't able to change. So that, that goes on li- on that line too. Like, I was actually really so s- solid- solid- solidified in that sense. Like, I didn't think I could change. I didn't think people could change. I just thought, like, things were always the same, all that stuff. And that was, that was the key one for me. Like, that took me, like, a good year and a half to actually get to that. Love it. Amazing. So yeah. The... It, it's actually those three. Like, for me, it was, um... I, I watched the ............................ when it came out. (laughs) And I'm really happy Charlie actually did this. And if people just listen, it will help them massively to just... Uh, because Charlie says, "Hey, when you are doing the belief audition, uh, go for these three first." Right? Because in, in the old one, you basically were like, "Okay, I need to audit beliefs, but which ones?" (laughs) Or what, or you go to what you see in front of you instead of going, like, to their root cause. So he said, um, check your beliefs about beliefs. Like, are you able to change? Are you able to... Like, what do you think about beliefs? All that stuff, right? The other one is, uh, money on business. Like (laughs) we're, we are here to make money, to run a business, so we need to get that in check, too. And the third one, and this was the most important to me, was the v-, um, the value beliefs about myself, the worth. Yeah. Because that, for me, um, I, I didn't see it clearly before, but now, actually, I see. It's like the last 15, 20 years of my life has been my parents telling me, "You are not enough," even though I was con- considered, like, to society standard, like, excellent, in terms of, like, um, grades and other stuff. Like, I remember, I actually remember this one. This actually happened. Like, I go one day to, to my house after school and got a, an exam grade. Um, so here in Spain, you go by numbers. You go from zero to 10. Yeah. Yeah. I got a 14 on exam. Yeah. Uh, and that was literally the level of excellence that was demand for me in that sense. And, and I've also got the other part of that was, I don't really finish the exam. I maybe do, like, two exercise, but I still got, like, a 10, because they just knew I knew, and it's just I didn't have time to finish it. So I've always operated kind of, like, at that point of level. But even if I got sometimes, like, 9.5, something like that, it was just not enough. Yeah. And, like, I didn't get any love (laughs) from my parents unless I was beyond excellent. Hmm. So, a- and that has created a really big fear for me, which is like, I'm just not good enough no matter what I do. So I'm always trying to go and go and go and go and everything. And the other one is safety for me. Like, right now, I'm trying to achieve safety. Again, I've, I've never had anything, and I, again, I, I've, I made 15K last month. I actually feel that I'm not gonna have a plate to eat tomorrow. Yeah. And it's a disgusting feeling, man. I, like, I'm, I'm telling you this, and I've got something here that is terrible. Um, I don't think I'm gonna work on that yet, uh, on that one, because I think that helps you to make more money, but- Right. Yeah, yeah, double-edged sword. ... it's terrible, man. (laughs) Yeah, yeah. Well, look, I'm here to tell you one or two things. You are enough, and you are, (laughs) you are, you are achieving a lot, man. So, you know, you are doing fantastic. Um, and secondly, um, you will have a plate to eat tomorrow. (laughs) But at the same time, I totally get what you mean, man. It's, it's because you're a high performer, Alexis. You've been conditioned to just go g- more and more, higher and higher. Yeah. And it's a, it's a double-edged sword, because, eh, everyone I interview, they're always moving, which is good. They're always chasing. Enough never is. But then on the flip side- Yeah. ... you wanna sit down and you wanna appreciate what you've done and how far you've come, you know? And I'm glad that, you know, this interview's a way (laughs) of actually reflecting on that, um, which is fantastic. But, no, absolutely love that, man. Um, I'm gonna ask you one question, one personal question. A- actually, before I ask that, what's your next goal, man? So next goal is, is getting to the mastermind, actually. I've- Yep, yep. ... I've got the 100K per month. Uh, but the mastermind is, like, in the middle for that. So that's, that's the idea. Getting to the mastermind. Ideally, I would love to go to, to the Miami one in September. Hmm. Uh, I'll do my best to make it happen. We got some time. But I'm not gonna get obsessed about timelines, timeframes, all that stuff. Yeah, yeah. That's fine. 'Cause actually, Charlie talks a lot about that (laughs). (laughs) Just do everything you can every day, and eventually, you will make it happen. It can be sooner, it can be later. Um, but I've got something, something that I've learned in these last few years, and it's that it is not worth sacrificing your health to just go faster. And this is a really big lesson for me. And I still struggle to this day (laughs) with that one. But, man, I've been in really bad places. Like, a- a- again, just without going further, like, last year, um, I, I had to stop h- like, for two months because I couldn't work. Like, I was so burnt out of taking sales calls that I, I remember sleeping for, like, 15 hours a night, got up to just do the sales call. Like, I didn't do anything, was straight to the, to the PC. And then couldn't do the call, you sabotage it, you throw it out. Like, it was five minutes into that and my body was just not working.... I was like, "I can't do this." And actually end- end calls, get out of it, and I was just sleeping all day, man. All day. Yeah. And I just couldn't do anything. I had to stop. Because it was- Yeah. ... it was getting really bad. Uh, it, I- it got to a point where I didn't, I didn't even know what I was actually doing (laughs). Yeah, yeah. I was like, "What's happening? What day is today?" All that stuff. Like, it got really bad. It got to you guys. Yeah. Yeah. And, and I've been there a couple of times. Yeah. And it's just not worth it, because business is about consistency. It's about the long-term gain. And I get it. Back in the day, I didn't have time at all, so it was just getting money to buy some time so you can go another month. And you just had to do everything possible to make it, to make it happen. It's different now. Yeah. And (laughs) that's actually a limiting belief I have right now, that it's fucking me up a bit, that I still think that more is better. Now. When it's actually not the case for me (laughs). Yeah, yeah. Right now. Trust me, it's like sometimes you gotta rest in order to go further, you know? Yeah. It's a marathon, not a sprint. And the guys that do sprints, they fall apart, you know? Yeah. We, we have seen it. We've seen it firsthand. So, I can tell you for a fact, yeah, enjoy your day off, man. (laughs) And well, no, enjoy the next couple of days off. It's been a long two years, um, so just cool off, systemize and just plan for the sprint ahead. So, next goal, guys, if you're watching this, hopefully Alexis will have some time for a part two down the line. He's gonna get busy. Um, next goal is Miami. That would be good to have you there, and then obviously 100K a month is a bigger goal and I've got no doubt- Yeah. ... you'll achieve that. Fantastic stuff. Alexis, I'm gonna finish with a personal question for you, okay? Mm-hmm. 25 months ago, you would've jumped on the sales call with Jack. Jack would've asked you the infamous sales question that everyone asks nowadays, right? (clears throat) "How would you feel if you hit X, Y, Z per month? How would your life change?" Et cetera, et cetera. Now, I'm sure you told Jack some answers about, "Yeah, life would be good," blah, blah, blah. (clears throat) "This blah, blah, blah." 25 months later, now that you're in a good spot, I'm bringing that question up again, man. (laughs) 'Cause I wanna ask you, how does it feel now that you went from zero, stressed out, working crazy hours, not knowing where to go and whatnot. Um, not, like you said, not having money, not direction- Yeah. ... anything like that. Fast-forward to today, making 15K a month. You've only (laughs) just recently bumped up your pricing, to a great point. How does it feel and how has life changed, man? Talk to me. It has, it has really changed a lot. It's, it's, it's not really about the external actually, it's more about myself. Mm-hmm. I'm a completely different person. You, you can actually ask Jack (laughs), like- (laughs) ... we were talking about, about this, like, um, like a month ago, something like that. And we were talking about the first time we jump on the sales call. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And, and I remember when, when I asked for the price, right? Like, he told me. And he was, um... Can I say the price here? What? Mm-hmm. Oh, yeah, yeah. So it was, it was... Yeah? Okay. Yeah, yeah. That's fine. So it was n- 9.6K. Back then, yeah. At that time. Man, I've never heard that number before. (laughs) I, I, I didn't even think that was a- that was even possible. Yeah. Like, I, I, I literally break it down on the call, like... (laughs)  I, I start to laugh and all that stuff, because I just didn't believe that. Like, right, this is a joke, right? And he was like, "No, no, it's like 9.6K." I was like, "The fuck, man. The most I ha- ever had was like 100 bucks." (laughs) He's like, "How, how am I supposed to do this?" Right? And, well, I actually made it happen, so if you actually want, you can, which is really interesting. But yeah, that's basically how I've changed. Like right now, I see like 10K, it's like, "Well, that's a fucking bad month." 100%. Like, "We don't want that." (laughs) Yeah, yeah. That's it. Like, "What's going on? Why are we not making 30, 50, 100, 200? (laughs) What's going on now?" Right? So, especially that perception about money and, and how business works. But especially myself, my way of thinking, the, all the skills, all the traits, everything I had to develop from that point to now. Um, that's worth everything. Because right now, um, I'm not gonna say I know everything and I've got everything figured out, but I know I can achieve a lot of things. Absolutely. And it's just about time and work, and I can work for it. (laughs) Yeah. I don't know. I can, I can go deep if I need to. I- Yeah. ... not gonna say I want to right now, but- Yeah. ... I can actually go there and, and that's thanks to that upbringing, to that situation I had. So, it's kind of like advantage. And that's it, man. Like that. Yeah. Jack told me 20K per month. That's kind of, like, what I wanted to do. Yeah. He actually got that number out of me, that motherfucker. (laughs) yeah. 'Cause I, I, I think I wanted to make like two or five, something like that, he goes, "Come on, man. You know you can do better." I was like, "Wow, yeah, 20." (laughs) but- Yeah, yeah. 'Cause, you know, we hide, hiding behind comfort. (laughs) it, it was exactly that, and, and right now I'm, I'm basically there. Yeah. Like, if, if you put- Basically. ... last month and, and this week or two weeks together, I'm there. Like- Yeah. ... last year, this is actually a fun fact, I made around 20K in whole 2025. Hmm. I've made that in the first two and a half months of this year already. There we are. Absolutely amazing, man. Amazing. Yeah, it's, it's so good to see your growth again, on a personal level as well, 'cause I've seen you in the community. Yeah. I've worked with you for like two years now. It's so funny. To anyone, everyone watching this, obviously Alexis has been with us for 25 months. (laughs) But, but he's only getting started now. (laughs) 'Cause now we've, we've arrived (laughs) at the, at the point- Yeah. ... where it's like, right, systems are going, we know what needs to be done. But no, absolutely amazing work, Alexis. Cool, man. As we wrap up this interview, okay? Mm-hmm. There's gonna be two groups of people that watch this.... the first of which are current clients, the second of which are people that have yet to purchase the program, okay? Let's start with the first group, the people that are current clients. Based off of you being with us for as long as you've been with us, right, what would you say to would be your best pieces of advice for them to succeed with the program? Hmm, great question. Uh, I would say the main one is just listen to Charlie. (laughs) Yeah. Like actually make sure you do everything he tells you to do. Not, not like blindly, of course. Like has to be some level of thinking, uh, in that sense. But just listen to him. Like if he's telling you need to create the best offer in the market, it's for some reason, guys. Mm-hmm. And if you are trying do that, which by the way, I've done the whole, (laughs) the whole journey there, like from just wanting to do what I wanted to do and slightly changing it until I tried to say, "Fuck it, let's actually put the best offer in the market," you will get the best results. (laughs) It's just that easy. And it's the same with the rest of the program. Yeah. Just pay attention closely, listen, and implement that. And to the guys that are already in the process and they're struggling a little bit, just keep going, man. Yep. Just keep going. Uh, take a two-week break if you actually need it, just sleep, rest, eat. I don't know, do whatever you want to do, recharge, and just keep going, man. Yeah. You'll eventually figure it out as long as you keep going. Yeah. And I can tell you the best place to actually be to make it happen is sizzical. Yeah, love that. So you just need to listen and you just need to keep working. (laughs) Not, not gonna say forever because you will make, you will make it happen eventually. (laughs) But to me, it took me like 25 months to get there. Yeah, that's it. That's it. Love it, man. Alexis, then the second group, to people that didn't purchase it yet- Mm-hmm. ... maybe they only think about it, um, you know, maybe they had bad experiences with other programs, kind of like, I know you- Mm-hmm. ... you mentioned you had bad experiences in one or more- Yeah. (laughs) ... of those programs. Uh, why don't you talk to those people? Uh, what would you say to them in terms of, you know, their- Yeah. ... if they had any thoughts and hesitations about joining, bro? Yeah. So basically, um, this is something that Charlie actually says in, in one of the, I think it's the sales, the sales module, "There's nothing to think about, and will completely change your life." It is true, guys. Yeah. Like I've got nothing else to say, it has completely changed my life. Um, I'm, I'm truly grateful for you guys. Like, r- remember now, like in every single post, I'm like, "Thank you guys," because it is true. (laughs) Like I wouldn't be here without them. (laughs) Like I would, I don't know, maybe I would be like in a nine-to-five again. (laughs) I don't know, I don't want it to be that. Yeah. So yeah, the journey, the journey's hard. You'll actually have to work, but that's on your own benefit. Yeah. And the beginning is the hardest part of all. Yeah, absolutely. But once you get out of that, man, like d- I'm, I'm telling you right now, 100K, like it feels like nothing. That's the goal. Yeah. Like I have to be there already. That's it. That's it. No-brainer. Yeah. Well, look, uh, Alexis, to people watching this, Alexis changed his own life. We were happy to just show him how we could change his life. (laughs) (coughs) And he's the man who put in the action, just like all of our wonderful clients that we have here. So really appreciate you sharing that, Alexis. Um, to people watching this right now, Alexis is getting his brand going. So when it, when this interview's up, I'll probably update it later 'cause he's just launching his YouTube and stuff like that, and put in the description. So keep up to date with him and see what is going on. Um, but yeah, I think we can wrap it up there, guys. So hope you found this one valuable. I'm now going to do my famous outro, which is going to cause people to click off the video. And the outro is as follows. If you're someone that stumbled across this crazy internet marketing world of ours, right, and you've seen these crazy Instagram posts and advertisements of guys with polos, with fancy colors, and you know, sitting on the beach with their laptop out, and they open their laptop and suddenly it's a Stripe screenshot of £30,000 pounds, and you know, they close their laptops and they sip their pina colada and they'll tell you, "Yeah, you could do this in one week," and blah, blah, blah, and you think our program is anything (laughs) like that, I'm here to tell you, sadly, it's not, okay? We can't help you go rich overnight. It's not a magic pill, it's not a get rich quick scheme. And if you do find a magic pill that you can take and it makes you rich overnight, send it to me. Like I say at the end of every interview, I'm very selfish with these interviews, I always tell people, "If you find a get rich quick solution where you can eat a pill and boom, you're a millionaire, send it to me." My Instagram is nourmehrih with an extra H. My email is nouar@theimperiumagency.com. Send it to me, guys. Now, in all seriousness, on the other side, okay, if you are willing to put in the work, follow a proven framework and a proven process to either start or scale your own existing business, with the group support, the coaching calls, the videos, hours of content, and you're actually willing to put in the work, just like Alexis did here, then absolutely, uh, book a call with us to see what we have as we can probably help, okay? If you're still, you know, hesitant about booking a call, this is the 121st interview that we've done, not including the part twos. Uh, feel free to watch all the other interviews we have, to check out other case studies and clients that we've got, and all that good stuff to, you know, push yourself to book the call if needed. Um, and that goes the same as for people who've already had the call, but you need to think about it. I hope these interviews, uh, help you make a decision. So yeah, if you, if you're on the fence, feel free to book a call, see what we've got on offer. And, uh, if you're someone that just wants to get rich overnight and you think, "This is it," please don't join the program. You'll make my life (laughs) ve- very hard by trying to fulfill for you. Um, but no, if you're willing to put in the work, and you're willing to listen to us, and just get it done, uh, book a call with us and we'll see if we can help. But yeah, hope you guys found this interview valuable. I'm gonna mark this as a part one, because I know for a fact Alexis is gonna be flying in the coming months, 'cause now he's got every, all the assets available to him. So hopefully he's not too busy for us to give us a part two. So keep an eye out for part two, and we'll catch you in the next one. Cheers guys. Bye.