# Amin: $7k to $40k per month

Amine, what's up, brother? So glad to have you here today, man. You and the team, bro. Thank you. Yeah, man. You guys have been crushing it over the past few months, and, um, I think that you guys' story is gonna be amazing to share with everybody who's watching out there on the internet, trying to make a decision, (laughs) whether this is something, like, for them. Right? Um, and there's no, no wrong answers in this, where, like, you can share whatever you want to share, answer the questions however you want to answer it. Um, it's just like you talking to a buddy in the backyard about what's going on in your business. That cool? Amazing, bro. Let's do it. Let's do it. Let's jump in. All right. So, let's kind of kick this off with, you know, what's been, what was going on in your business before you found Imperium, man? Tell us a little about what was happening. Well, I guess it's like the usual story. You want to start an internet business, get finitial- financial freedom. Um, I've been following Charlie for, like, three years before joining Imperium. Wow. So, I've been documenting and learning by myself for the past years. But, I- I- once, you need, you need to get into the program to understand that you really need it. I don't know if that makes sense. Yeah. Because before joining, you think that you have all the access to the information in the internet for free. But, uh, the- the- the- the Imperium program, especially Acquisition Genesis was the best resource material that I think any agency owner could have. It's, there's nothing comparable to that, honestly. So, uh, before starting, yeah, we were, like, having jobs on the side, um, we didn't manage to get full time into that. And then, we talked to, uh, to, uh, to Jack. That was the first person that we, uh, we talked to. And, uh, he basically, like, showed us the program, and we were a little s- skeptical at the beginning, even though I was like... I- I knew Charlie for a bit, we were a little skeptical because it was, uh, it was an investment. Uh, it was the hugest investment for us at the beginning. But, uh, the thing also is that, when you invest a lot of money in it, you, you take it more seriously, right? Right. Um, I think that if it was a, a, a cheaper program or, or something like, that, that was free, we wouldn't take it seriously as we, we did. And this is part of the, the success of us. You know? Yeah. Yeah. You have to put in the work, that's for sure, man. That is for sure. For sure, yeah. So, tell us, what was the biggest challenge you guys, you guys were facing, um, at the point before you jumped in? I think everything was a challenge. But we didn't necessarily, like, knew it. It's more, it's more like, like, you know when you start, you, you don't have any systems, you don't track metrics. You just, like, run ads, take calls, and if it works, it works. If it doesn't, well, you just try harder, you just continue. But, uh, Charlie has a saying that, I don't know if it's from him, I think it's from, uh, from, uh, War- Warren Buffet, it's not, like, uh, how hard you row, it's, it, the matter is what w- what boat you're in. (laughs) Yeah. I don't know if it makes sense. Yeah. So, that, that was the, that was the main issue. You don't know where, where you're going. You j- you just try with what you know, and, well, it doesn't work. So, at some point, if you, you're really serious about, about doing that and making it, like, a career, you, I think you need assistance. And I think that you guys are the best value that we, like, an agency owner can have on the market. No doubt. Love it. Love it, bro. So, when you, when you realized that you had the problems that you did. Mm-hmm. What, what forced you guys, or moved you guys to really make a decision to change everything? Like, what was the moment for you all? 'Cause I noticed you and the team of, of, of guys, so... What kind of drove y'all to make that decision? Well, you're, you're living in... Our day-to-day was v- really painful, you know, because we were working all nine to five jobs, and then, we were doing, like, 5:00 to 11:00 working on the business on the side. Uh, I'm also a father. Uh, I have children, I have a wife. And, it's really hard to juggle everything on, on the personal side. So, we decided to go all in. But to make this decision, you have to be, uh, you have, you have to, like, have the pathway to do it. Otherwise, it's, uh, it's a crazy decision. So... Yeah. We took a decision, we, we decided to trust you guys. And, obviously, it paid off. Yeah. Yeah, it did. Yeah. Yeah, it did. Kind of walk us through that, though. Like, walk us through what you actually implemented once you were in the program. Like, what'd you, what'd you guys build and change first? Um, so, th- the first, the first program we were in was Easy Grow, then we hopped in into Nir- Nirvana. Easy Grow, uh, helped us understanding the business, 'c- 'cause w- you, when you, before we started, we think that, "Oh, we understand everything, and it's just a matter of time." But, it made us realize that we didn't know anything, even though I was, like, uh, going through resources for about three year- three years, um, it didn't work out. So, Easy Grow helped us building systems, basically. So, acquisition systems, sales systems, every system in the business, we understood, like, how to run an agency. And before that, we didn't knew. And, uh...This is for the EZ Grow part. Uh, after that, we hopped, in into Nirvana, and then, like, uh, being, like, having one-on-one conversation with you, help with you, being with the coaches, uh, we basically scaled from, let's say, two grand before EZ Grow, a month, to now 40 grand. Wow. That's a- Yeah. ... major jump, bro. That's a major- Yeah. ... jump. Yeah. Um- Major. Yeah. What... So, what was some of the... ch- the specific strategies or frameworks or systems that, that really made the biggest difference for you guys, the biggest impact on your business? I don't... I, I don't even think that it's the strategy itself. It's more like understanding what's behind it, you know? Mm-hmm. Yep. The- Talk about that. The deep... The, d-... I'm looking for my words, but, like, the depthness of how Charlie goes through information is crazy. Um, just like how he explains systems, how he explained like stimuli chain, micro action change, these, these things were, like, completely, like, stranger things for us. We didn't knew, like, it, it was even possible. We didn't know in- i- i- i- it existed, so. Yeah. Uh, I'm not sure if I'm clear on my words, but... (laughs) Oh, I think you, I think you said it right, like the- Yeah. ... the way where it, it, it doesn't seem like something you've ever heard before. It's just foreign, right? Yeah, exactly. Because how can you know this kind of depth of thinking and processing- Yeah. ... was needed or existed in business until- Yeah. ... Charlie made you aware of it. There was no awareness. Yeah. Yeah. I felt the same way. I felt the same way when I started watching, uh, the material too. I was like, "Wow, I've been in business for a decade and I haven't, haven't learned some of these things." (laughs)  And you think that you know everything, and you think that everything is free, but it's not, bro. Yeah. It's not. It's facts. That's facts, man. Yeah. Speaking truth. Um, so let's talk about, like, our, our engagement, right? You mentioned it- Yeah. ... a little bit. Um, how did having me, like, as your private mentor, as your fractional CEO through the process change the way that you approach things? Well, I think that, like, having course material is amazing, especially with the quality that, like, the programs provide. But having, like, one-on-one, like, an eye, another eye on the business is, is a real game changer. That... And sometimes, like, the obvious is not so obvious. You need a third party to like, look at things and tell you like, "Bro, this is wrong. You need to change it." 'Cause when you're going through the fire, you don't necessarily see things. And then you're just, like, telling us, like, just... Oh, for example, you told us, like, "Split the metrics. Do this, do that." We do it, and after, uh, I was doing it, I was like, "Bro, it's so obvious. Why didn't I do it?" You know? Yeah. But the obvious is not so obvious. You understand? So, also, like, I think that your help... You, you look... I don't know if like, uh... I felt like you genuinely cared about our success, which is a huge point. It's not like just a sales relationship, relationship. Yeah. Like, that was my feeling about you. You looked like you really cared, and you were caring, and you were... Like, the fact that we made this inve- investment meant something to you. This is how I felt about you. Yeah. Basically. Yeah. (laughs) Yeah. No, I, I really appreciate that. I really do- Yeah. ... because it's, it is a major part of who I am when it comes- Yeah. ... to my ability to invest time and energy and coaching into other business owners, man. Like, I want them to feel that, and I want them to see like, "I am invested in your success fully." (laughs) Yeah. We felt it. We felt it, and it worked out. So, we were right about this. Yeah. 100%, man. Yeah. So, question about like, a turning point in the business, right? Where do you feel like there was a moment where things just started to click, where it, you felt the shift happening into growth? Uh, it was probably past two weeks, um, 'cause every systems were in plac- past two week, we make like... Out of the 40, we make like half of the income, uh, more than half of the income on the past two weeks. Um, I think we had every system, but the final one was the sales system. Every system was working fine, and we had a sales system for a bit, and we always thought that it was the other system that were not working, and that we were not qualified and everything. Yeah. But last two weeks, we changed the sales system with, uh, Casper, the coach, and we went from closing zero deals to, like, having a 30% closing rate average, which is crazy, you know? So, I think that was the biggest turning point, changing the sales system, because we had the other system for a while. Yeah. We built it. We, we, we managed to, to make it work. But the sales system was a game changer. It's something else. It's ma-... Like, for example, the, the salesperson with us is Oliver, he... It's the same thing for me. I was thinking that I knew about business. Now you hopped in, and you, you do- you, you realize you don't know anything. Same thing for Oliver. He thought he was a good salesperson. But looking at Cap- Casper, uh, Casper's advice, looking at the modules from EZ Grow, we understood that we were nothing, and we had so much to learn, so much to implement. And it, it also gives us hope because you see that, "Oh, damn, there's all this pathway in front of us that we can go and, and chase after," you know? So, that's great, bro.Yeah. It's amazing when you start realizing how much you don't know. And, and- Yeah. ... a lot of times some people can think that's a bad thing. It's like, "Man, I'm so dumb. Like, I'm not, I'm not as good as I thought I was." But the right perspective is what you just said. When you realize that you don't know so much, it should be optimistic. It should bring you hope because now you see- Yeah. ... that you can learn more, it means you can get better, which means you can change your circumstances. All right. Yeah. And also, you think that there's no way your competition knows that, so it's also hope- (laughs) ... hopeful on this side. (laughs) Yeah. (laughs) You think, you think they're thinking the same thing as you, is like, "Oh, I don't have to get any help. I can figure this out," while you just pass- Yeah. ... lap them. You lap them around the course. Yeah. Exactly. (laughs) Yep. That's cool, man. That's cool. I love to hear that. Um- Yeah. So let's kinda talk some, some results. Right? I think you've mentioned- Yep. ... a few here and there, uh, as we've been- Right. ... chatting. But- Yeah. ... let's kind of lock in on, like, what's actually changed in the business, uh, since you've been in- in- implementing the things that you've learned? Well, the revenue, first of all, but not, not, not just the revenue. So- All right. ... first time I talked to you, we were charging $800 per month retainers, which now I'm almost ashamed of telling you this, knowing what I know now, you know? Yeah. At the moment, because of you, we're charging 2.5k month retainer, and we also realize how much work we need to put also on the product size and the delivery size and the, the value that we bring to the client, and you guys are also an example of that. So, the amount of quality that I've been through, you could have charged me any amount, I, I can't say it's, it's bad. I can't say, I can't tell you, like, if I'm being honest, I can't ask you for a refund, for a refund. I can't. It's too much quality, and I want my client to feel the same way about myself, you know? Yeah. So we've worked a lot on the delivery side, on the value side that we pro- that we provide. So this was, uh, a huge thing for us after being in, uh, Easy Grow and Nirvana because of you guys. So I would say that. I would say, like, the value that we provide and also, like, the revenue side of things is amazing also. Yeah. So these were the two major things. Yeah. Nice. Nice. And you mentioned, you mentioned numbers earlier. I want you to kind of mention what... L- like, you guys came in working with me in Nirvana. You were doing- Yeah. ... I mean, how much were you doing, like 7K a month? 7K a month, yeah. All right. So basically, Easy Grow told, uh, showed us how to have appointments. Nirvana showed us how to have revenue. (laughs) Yeah, how to earn and, and scale the revenue. Yeah, exact- exactly. So- Yeah. ... the promises of Easy Grow, of Easy Grow was kept. Um, we've been working on the program for, like, almost, like, three, four months, like, just building the system, understanding everything. And at the end of Easy Grow, we started having, like, our steady seven appointments, eight appointments a day per salesperson. And then with Nirvana, we, we managed to scale that into real tangible revenue and, uh, satisfied clients. Yeah. And so you guys went from 7K coming into Nirvana to where now per month? 40. 40? 40. Yeah. Tsh. So you added $37,000, 33- In a month. $33,000 in a month. Month and a half, yeah. Yep. Yeah, 'cause you started, like, mid, late March. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's amazing. That's amazing. But it, it, it... Like you said, it wasn't just that you booked more calls or you got more people on the phone. It was the systems behind it, like the pricing of the offer- Yeah. ... and the close rate and all these things that you guys optimized and put your, man, worked your butt off to, uh- Yeah. ... fix. So, so proud of you guys, man. So proud of you guys. Yeah. Thanks, bro. (laughs) For real. I s- I s- I painted the vision for you, and you ran with it. Yeah. Yeah. And it's only the start. That's what's crazy. I'm talking to you now, but I don't know in five, six months where are we going to be, you know? We might be having another one of these conversations about, about- (laughs) ... much, much bigger numbers. (laughs) I hope so. I hope so. Yeah. But you mentioned also, you know, you guys have a family. Like, I have five kids, bro. Like, you have kids. Like, you guys have family. What does this actually mean, like, for your life outside of business, how... Like, the growth that you guys are experiencing with revenue and also the systems and, and the hope that's being built, how does this affect things outside of the health- I mean, outside of the business as well? Well, I think that obviously when you, when you bring more, more money, it's like, especially for my wife, she's like... I, I removed a lot of str- of stress for her, a lot of stress, because, um, she was always believing in me, but we were broke because of this, because of this vision. This vi- vision caused us to be broke and not traveling, not having, like, a car that was, like, reliable, um, and all these problems. And she, she, she's, she's been like... How do you say that? She, she, she- I know. ... she had, she had faith on me. Yeah. And now, the only fact that it's working and I can give back to her is, it's meaning all the word for me, everything. 'Cause my, my, my son is too, too, uh, he's too young to understand everything. Yeah. But one day, I'm, I'm gonna tell him the story. (laughs) Yeah, you are. Yeah, you are. He's gonna look up and be like, "Dad, like, how did, how did we get all of this?" Right? And you get to take him all the way back to the struggle days. (laughs) Yeah. The real struggle. But you need to go through pain to experience everything. You absolutely need to. You need to go all in also. That's, that's a lesson that I've learned. Um, building this system, th- this business is real, bro. You, you can't just, like, have a nine-to-five on the side and just... I don't believe in that anymore. You need to put all in, every faith, every second of your time, every energy, bit of energy that you have into this, and it's going to work with the right assistant and knowledge, assistance and knowledge. Yeah. Yeah. Same, bro. Yeah, bro. You guys went all in, for sure. Yeah, all in. We were in debt. We were, like, in the bottom, bottom, bottom, and we give it, we give, we give everything we had left, um, and, uh, it worked out. (laughs) Yeah, I think that's what, like, I remember when we first talked, bro, like you were trying to make the decision to jump in, and it was just like, man, it was super tough financially to do it, right? Yeah. And- It was. ... I remember I gave you guys a couple... I don't even remember what the advice was, honestly. Um, I gave you a couple bits of advice, and it worked, right? I think one of them- Yeah. ... was raising your price. I think that was the first thing I told you was like, "Bro, you gotta raise your price." Uh. Yeah. And you guys- For free. It was free at this moment. Yeah. You gave us- I was giving you free advice 'cause I was like, "Man, I wanna see these guys really be able to make this next step," right? Yeah. And so get, get your... Raise your prices and stop booking more than three days out. Those two things. Yeah. That was a huge one. Yeah. 'Cause our no-show before that, it was disgusting. (laughs) Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it wa- When he told me, I was like, "Wow." I was like... And that's what made me ask you like, "How far are you booking?" You were like, "Bro, we're booking, like, a week and a half, you know, two weeks out." (laughs) Yeah. I was like, "No, that's, that's why," right there. Yeah. And then, you know. Yeah, but see, when I think about it now, it's, like, so obvious, but the obvious is not so obvious. You need someone, bro. Even if you-

... think you don't. You, everyone needs someone, everyone needs a mentor, every, everyone needs someone to, like, look into your things and tell you, "Bro, just do that." You know? Yeah. 100%, man. 100%. Yeah. So you've had... You've also had other coaches in the, in the program as well- Right. ... as you've been going to coaching calls. Yeah. What were some of the... Was there a moment, like, where you felt like the Imperium team, like, really stepped up and showed up for you? And, like, what happened with that? Well, I think, I think Casper traumatized all the team here. (laughs) W- w- I think I still have PTSD from him. It's crazy how this guy is, is good at what he does, bro. It is crazy. And he's pretty much like the only one that I witnessed one-on-one because I was more on the operational side. So the coaching call, I was not the one attending them. But I attended, I, I attended, like, two of them with Oliver, just to see, like, how it goes. And, bro, this guy is something else, man. Yeah. Yeah. So a shout-out to Casper, bro. Shout-out to Casper, man. Casper is a G, for real. Yeah. (laughs) He absolutely is. (laughs) Yeah, he is. Awesome, awesome. Um, so when, when you joined, like, what, what is it that you feel like you needed most when you joined? And do you feel like you got that already? I think that we, we were, we were not even aware of what we needed. We just needed- Mm-hmm. ... some help. That was, that was the only thing. Yeah. 'Cause you, you, o- before joining, you don't know about all these systems, you don't know a- about all these, like, psychological tricks that you can use. You don't know anything, so you don't know where to look. You just need to trust someone, you know? And we decided to trust you guys. Wow. Yeah. I think that's the best way of explaining it. Yeah. Even if you think that you need something but it's, it's not... You're n- you're never right about this, I think. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You don't know what you don't know. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. That's good, man. Uh, and then, you know what's crazy? A lot of people are there. Like, they feel like they're, like, working on the right thing, trying to fix the right thing. Mm-hmm. But when you don't know what you don't know and you can't see the picture big enough, then you need someone else who can see further- Yeah. ... to come in- Absolutely. ... and, and show you other parts of the map that you're not aware of. Absolutely. Yeah. So that's good. Absolutely. That's so true. Yeah. Um, so let's talk future. Let's talk, like, we, we talked about where you've been and kind of where you are now. Where are you guys headed next with the foundation that you've built so far? What are you aiming for? Um, I think that we can aim, first of all, f- easily six figures a month. Like, no problem. I'm super confident on this. And we're on track to do it. We, we... I think we'll do it, like, this summer. Yeah. No doubt. I think we'll do it. Uh, so that, that would be the first step. And next step, uh, I think you guys are gonna tell us- (laughs) (laughs) ... after that what to do, bro. (laughs) You know it. I'll be right there, bro, point you to the next, next direction. But I think, yeah, I think six figures a month for you guys is definitely in the near future, 100%. Yeah. Especially if we optimize some of the things that we have right now in front of us, uh- Yeah. ... with ads optimized and things like that. Bro, you, you're just getting started, for real. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. So let's talk to the people that are watching this right now, right? They're, they're probably some business owners, some, uh, partners out there watching this on the YouTube channel, on the website, wherever, you know, their buddy sent it to them, and they're on the fence. They're like, "Man, I don't know if I should get in this. I don't know if this is for me, if this is gonna work." Right? And what would you say to someone like that? I would say that... Like, first of all, just I, I bought a lot of course in my life. And first of all, I, I don't think that you can even, like, categorize this as a course. Mm-hmm. But, but that was my feeling, uh, uh, uh, the first time I, I talked to Jack. My, my, my first feeling was that, is that, "Okay, I, I'll pay, like, for a high ticket course and I don't know if it worth it." But, um, yeah. The, the first thing I would say is just look at the free information that Charlie give us. Just look at that. And I think that just seeing that is enough to say, like, that his paid stuff is gonna be, like, a thousand times better. Because the free stuff is already, like, amazing, I think. Yeah. I think Charlie is, like... There's nothing comparable in the market. Nothing. Nothing. So... And I would, I would tell him, like, "Whatever your situation is, like, just, just hear, like, the testimonial that, like, we're doing at the moment and see, see what, what you want for your future." Because if you're putting the work, if you do what needs to be done, because we, we've been do- doing, like, a lot of work. It's not easy. It's hard work, it's painful. But with the pathway, it's like there's no way it's not gonna work. If you work hard, there is no way it's not go- going to work out for you. No way. Yeah. So I would go all in, and this is what I did, and I don't regre- regret it. Yeah. Yeah, you and the team, bro. Yeah. You guys have worked your butts off going in. Yeah. Late days, long nights, like- Yeah. ... I know it. I know you have, 'cause you don't get to this point without it. That's for sure. Yeah. For sure. Um, cool. So I don't really have any more questions for you, other than, like, is there anything else that you wanna share? You know, anything we haven't covered that you think people should, should know? Not really, bro. Shout-out to you. Shout-out to Charlie. You guys are amazing, bro. You change our life so much. And, uh, we want to thank you for that, bro. (laughs) Hey, hey, we- We're grateful for you guys. Yeah, man. We appreciate it. We appreciate you. You being the hardworking team that you are. Yeah. Because you can get the direction but like you s- What's the saying? "You can take a horse to water, but you can't make him drink." Yeah. But you guys brought your buckets and you went, you went to work. (laughs) You went to work. Of course. All right. Yeah, we surely did but, yeah. Yeah. Still, we wanna thank you guys. Yeah. No problem, man. No prob. So, Amin, I have, uh, enjoyed this conversation, man, as always. It's always a pleasure to see you. Yeah, of course. Um, and I appreciate you doing, taking the time to really share your journey with everyone watching. And, um, I appreciate you. And we'll see you soon. Like, let's keep focused, let's keep locked in. And 100K months, man, here we come. Yes, sir. Thank you, Devin. No problem, man. Peace. (laughs) Take care, brother.