# Ben: $6k to $30k in 1 month

Ben, how you doing, man? I'm so glad to have you here with us, brother. Um, you've been crushing it. You and James have been crushing it, uh, over the past month or so. And I really think your story, like, is generally gonna be a powerful conversation to have, and share with the people that are watching on the outside, looking in, trying to make a decision on whether this is something they should be in, uh, and take part in. Um, so just to kind of give you heads up, like, this isn't gonna be a crazy, like, super hard question interview. (laughs) Um, things, it's pretty simple. Like, just, we're just gonna talk like you're sharing your story with your buddies, all right? Um, and what's happening in your business. So, uh, you ready to jump in? Yeah. Sounds good. Cool. Cool. So, um, j- just to kind of kick things off, all right? Before you started with us, like, where was your business? Like, what were, what were things going on in your business that you were trying to solve? Sure. Yeah. Um, it was doing well. Um, it was doing okay for, for the two of us. Um, we'd never run an agency before. We'd always done freelancing. Um, this is the first time of putting something together that's bigger than that. Um, and a lot of the clients that we started with were either ones from freelancing that had rolled over to the agency, or referrals from either networks we're in or from existing clients. But we had no, like, inbound leads or, or anything coming in that was sort of from cold traffic. It was always, uh, sort of warm or, or referral traffic that was coming to us as leads. Yeah. Okay. So, like, what was, like, was that the biggest challenge that you guys were facing at that point? Yeah. Yeah. I think so. Uh, and then I think, um, as we were going through the, the course and the community and everything, I think we realized that our processes just as a whole weren't great. So we, we didn't really have a, a client tracker, um, like keeping track of the roadmaps that we had for clients, or even like the revenue of those. We knew roughly like where we were revenue wise, but it wasn't something that we really even tracked, um, which was dumb thinking about it. But, um, yeah, I think our main problems were we didn't really have the processes to scale, uh, and we didn't really have any, any inbound leads at all that weren't already like known or referrals. Gotcha. Gotcha. Okay. So during that time, like, what made you decide that, like, "Hey, something had to change. Like, we needed our tracking. We need to be able to find inbound or outbound leads." Um, what was the moment that really made you decide to make that change? Uh, we, we closed a few leads in, I think the same day, or, or like within a day of each other, three or four leads. And it was just sort of super stressful. Um, and we realized that we, we didn't have client roadmaps at the time. Um, so everything we were doing for new clients, um, was, it was kind of like thought of on, on the spot for that client. So it meant ev- doing everything four times, like unique things each time. And then we would go straight in and create campaigns or, or do research into those brands. Um, when we introduced the roadmaps, I think it was a big helper on that, made it a lot less stressful, 'cause it split the onboarding tasks over like a week instead of us trying to like rush them in day one. It also meant, 'cause there's a lot of things that do, um, stay pretty consistent across different brands, like the conversion tracking, um, writing ad copy, launching a brand campaign, launching generic campaigns. Uh, it meant that we already knew what we needed to do when we got new clients. Um, so putting those roadmaps in place, right, sort of means that every new client is easier now. Yeah. Yeah. 100%. Um, so yeah, getting, getting a lot of that tracking, I remember the first time talking to you guys and you guys were like, "Uh, we don't really have that, that kind of stuff put together." I was like, "Okay. Definitely gotta get on that. We got, let's get that knocked out ASAP." Um, and I'm glad it's been as impactful as it has been for you, for your business, and for your sanity (laughs) in your business. Right? Um, cool. So when you first heard about Imperium Acquisition, like, what was going through your mind? Like, were you hesitant at all to jump in? Like, tell me kind of your thought process during that time. Um, I, I thought some kind of like community would be useful initially. Um, uh, we already get referrals from one community and there's a lot of knowledge sharing in there. So we thought just communities would be helpful moving forward. Um, also something to learn the, the cold email side of things, or, or getting leads from Instagram. Anything that would help with that we thought would be useful. Um, we tried a lot of sort of random online stuff, but there was no like, uh, structured either learning or, or way of doing things that we could like talk to people about. Yeah. Which I think was something that we get from like a community/course that we wouldn't get from just a YouTube video. Um, which was nice. Uh, I think as well at the time, like, we, or both me and James, had additional income outside of the agency. So in terms of like the cost for a course like this, it was kind of covered by the income from the agency at the time. So, uh, that I think definitely alleviated some of the concerns with cost. I think if we would've been a few months ago, we, we just couldn't have afforded it, or it would've been like a significant investment out of like savings or other income or something. Um, so I think having the agencies like started and already starting to do something before this, um, was a big, big thing for us. Got it. Got it. So walk us through, like, what you actually im- implemented. Like, once you guys got in the program, started ta- taking on some of the course material, uh, what'd you build or change first? Uh, the offer was the first thing. Uh, and that was probably the most, um, impactful thing, uh, probably still to the day, uh, of just having a defined offer for the agency, what our actual product is. Uh, there were quite a few, uh, those three or four clients that I spoke about earlier, they're ones that have been in the pipeline before but hadn't closed. Um, but as soon as we had like a defined offer and as soon as we had our, like, risk reversal and guarantees in place, um, those closed...... uh, easier and, and, yeah, obviously, they, they weren't bought ... They weren't sold before and, and then they went to being sold when they heard our guarantee and everything. Yeah. So, um, immediately that, that sort of had a good ROI for us. Yeah, that was a major flip. Yeah. That was a major flip on the revenue side, yep. Definitely, yeah. And it helped get so many conversations going 'cause it went from just, like, we're a, uh, an agency whereas there's, I mean, there's tons of agencies, um, a lot (laughs) of them in acquisition of Vana. So, um, it took us from just a agency to an, almost an agency with no risk associated. So, any of the brands that were, like, on the fence about needing an agency, or just didn't think Google Ads was the channel for them, uh, maybe they were already running Meta or another channel well, it, it just was a no-brainer then for them to come with us. Yeah. No, I remember that day. It was, it was a, it was a very pivotal piece (laughs) to the turning point, right? Yeah. Yeah. Um, cool. So, my next question would've been, you know, is, like, what was the specific strategy or framework that, uh, made the biggest impact for you guys? So, would you say that was the offer in rebuilding that? I think the offer's the main thing so far, yeah. Um, we're working on, uh, all our email and our DM outreach at the moment, so I think that will be a big next step. But I think so far the offer, um, and the guarantee has had the biggest impact for us. And I, I think it will moving forward as well. I mean, it's one of the foundational parts of, of everything. Yeah. We can definitely say that, that offer is validated for sure. (laughs) Yeah. Yeah. Um, so quick question about just how we work together, right? Having me as your, you know, fractional CFO or CEO, um, through the process, like, how, how has that changed your approach to things in the business? I think it's kept us on track. Um, James and I obviously we're trying to do the things you, you've, like, assigned to us or suggested we do. Um, and it's meant that I think we're probably more likely to have done those, um, because there's a, there's a person who, who will know, I guess, if, if we've not done them. Uh, I think that's been pretty helpful. Um, also any just random questions, uh, back and forth has been useful for, um, I think helping with our offer at the time, um, our guarantee and everything like that. Yeah. It's been fun too. I enjoy, I enjoy meeting with you guys, right? From you bouncing all the way across the world back to UK. (laughs) Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Much more stable now though, which is, uh, yeah, which is gonna be good for the agency. 100%. 100%. Um, so thinking back through just, I mean, it's only been, like, maybe a month and a half going, maybe going on two months now, what was ... Was there, like, a moment where things just, like, started to click for you guys? Um, where you could say that you felt a shift happening in your business or within yourself? Um, I, I, I think with the processes, yes. Um, like, before it was kind of just two people basically just doing freelancing on the same accounts, but it, it feels like a, a, a company now almost. Like, we, we've... We're just in the process of hiring someone for, uh, Google Ads delivery. Um, we're also looking now for, uh, someone for, to help with lead sourcing and to help with the first lines, uh, a VA of some sort. Uh, so there's, there's a team now. There's processes now. We have, um, I think a really good onboarding process. Like, we've worked with agencies in the past, and James has his own e-comm store and has worked with agencies in the past. Uh, so we know what agencies do when they're onboarding, big agencies. And I think we're in a place where, like, our onboarding is on par or better with those. Like, it's, it's really good. It goes from, like, as soon as they close, like, we've got a 90-day roadmap, we've got, uh, an onboarding website that runs through with videos on how to give us access, how to get things set up for anything we need on their side. Yeah. Um, that will close through. Like, our, we've got an internal, um, like, client database, a CRM, that kind of thing. So, I think it's a, more of a machine now than it was before, where it was kind of just we knew roughly what was happening, but there was no real data or, or tracking. Yeah. Cool. Yeah, I think, I think (laughs) we talk tracking like it's something, like a small thing, but it's such a major part of the business, right? Especially for your sanity. Like, when you wake up and you really don't know why things are happening, it could be, (laughs) it could be a stressful and anxiety-building, uh, thing, especially as you scale and things get more expensive, you're bringing on team members and things like that, like you guys are doing, so. Yeah, for sure. I mean, now I wake up, I know, like, exactly what I need to do for the clients with the roadmaps. I know exactly what I need to improve based on the, the data that we're tracking. So, it, it's really clarified what are the most important tasks for me to do. Whereas before, it could kind of be, like, um, you know, go through the motions. You do, do something, you go onto something else, you go onto something else that's based on vibes, I guess. But now there's, uh, there's a structure and there's a, there's a list of things there that need doing. Yeah. Yeah, for sure. For sure. Clarity is key. Um, so let's talk some results, man. Um, you mentioned some of the things that you guys have changed in the business when it comes to tracking and how, how much that has helped, right? What other results, uh, have you guys seen in the business so far since implementing what you've learned? Sure, yeah. Yeah, as, as I said, the, the main thing was the offer. Um, so I think when we, after we defined that, I think we closed four clients, um, pretty quickly that had, like, previously said no. Either, like, they were objected to the price, they were objected to needing Google Ads, or just something else. Mm-hmm. Um, I think closing those alone would've probably covered, like, the, our investment in, um, uh, Imperium Acquisition, um, acquisition of Vana, uh, easier. Uh, the, the platform, um, is, is covered with those four, so that was really good for us. Um, I think, I think as well, we've just grown.Mm-hmm. (laughs) I don't know how to, how to word it, but yeah, it's helped us close clients, so I guess that's the, the main result we're looking for as an agency. Um, it's also helping us, uh, get all our processes in place for getting more cold traffic and cold leads in. So, um, that's also set up and that's working like a... a... a well-oiled machine. Um, but yeah, we'll see some of the results there for sure. Yeah. It's gonna be a different level when we get those things run- up and running and ramped up. Um, cool. So, let's put a... Like, so you said four clients, right? Let's put a number on that. How much, like, how much is a four client acquisition month for you guys as far as revenue? Sure. I think an average client, um... Well, our retention's really good. Um, so I guess like average, like, lifetime value, clients are worth, um, a lot to us. Um, I guess we start with minimum contract, uh, terms of three months, um, so at least the average is about 6,000 pounds per client. Um, so with, with all, all four there, um, looking at... My, my head is not in the right space for maths there, but, um, what? 24? Um... 20... 24? 24K? 24K, um, there. Yeah. So, yeah, definitely a good... A we- I think, I think that's happening in a few days, so like a good, a good few days there. Yeah. And, and yet, and the month overall was really good for us. Yeah, yeah. No, it's, it's, it is amazing, um, how quick things turn around when your offer is, like, solidified and you're, like, certain in it and confident in it. Um, and, and it's... It makes your, your leads even more confident too, so. Kudos to you guys for doing the work, right, because that's what it's all about, because you, you could've chose not to do that. You could've pushed back. Some people do. Yeah, I think the, the offer was an interesting one, um, that I, I guess we hadn't considered before, but... And it makes a lot of sense now, but I think, yeah, outside of this, probably wouldn't have considered doing a guarantee or anything like that. We would've just stuck to one pricing model, one, like, uh, that- that's the offer, I guess, is just, "It's this much per month, we do this." Whereas now, I guess, on the client side that they know that if we don't hit these targets, like, there's no risk on them. Yeah. It's helped a lot. It's a major piece, a major piece that a lot of offers are missing. I've reviewed probably 50, 60 offers in the past few months and a lot of their offers are missing that, so- Hmm. ... good, great work on you guys getting it done. Um, sometimes we don't talk about this enough. This next question that I have for you is, like, the money is cool, like, and the business being successful is great, right? But how does this growth for you guys and the changes you've made in your business affect you personally in your business? I mean, not just in your business but in your life. Yeah, I think, um, what's recently, uh, become evident is, is that we can hire people. Um, so the, the hiring of a media, paid media delivery person, like service delivery person, really means that, um, we can work more on the actual, like, business growth rather than, um, like, Google Ads day-to-day work, which I think will be huge for us 'cause it's... It, it's kind of... It is quite a, like, repetitive process, I think, doing Google Ads, um, and it's quite a lot of clients we have each at the moment, which means we're kind of going, like, spending a big chunk of the day doing the same kind of tasks for different clients. Whereas, I think now, um, it, it, I mean, it means we can just actually grow the business. Like, at the moment, it's probably 10, 15% of our time is on acquisition of honor and growing the business and, and sales. Whereas now, it opens up probably half, if not more, of the time by hiring people, and I think that's been a huge thing. It also means, I guess, when we've got to the point where our sales systems are in place, that if we can get salespeople and cold email people, like, that we can do less on the agency. Um, and I think, like, being able to take days off would be a big thing, 'cause I don't think, um, James or myself have, have really had a day or two days where we've not touched our laptops. Yeah. Um, which I think would be really nice (laughs). I think at the moment, like, we can take a week off. Uh, we can take a weekend off probably without it having some kind of impact. Yeah. Man, those were the days. I remember when our agency finally got to that point, and I was working like four hours a day, and I could take like half a days off pretty, pretty frequently, um, just 'cause we had a team that was rock stars crushing it. And so that's, that's what I, I definitely look forward to helping you guys build out so you can take those trips and not have to worry about revenue dipping or a client fire not being able to be put out or whatever, so. Yeah. I think that's the main thing we realized. Around this time, same time we started this course, I think that we realized that we can live on, like, very little of the agency's revenue, and then the rest of it, like, doesn't matter. Like, we don't need it, so it can go into investing in the future of the agency. So, things like this, um, things like the, the staff that we're now getting, um, VA's that we're, we're now planning to get now, um, a lot of tools that we've now, um, sort of invested in that help us out, um, on, on cold email or cold DM, or, um, just tracking side of things. Yeah. Yeah. Reinvesting in a business is very wise. Yeah. Instead of lifestyle, right? Yeah. Make sure you're building something that's solid. So, smart guys. Love it. All right. So I hate ha- having to... I hate, you know, really asking a bunch of questions about myself, but I'm just curious, right? What has, you know, working with me specifically been like for you? Because a lot of people are coming through this process and they're like, "What does a C- a fractional CEO do? Like, what's the purpose of it?" Right? Like, what stands out about, um, for you about our relationship? Sure. Yeah, I think it... A lot of it the... Mm... The, the main thing I think is the accountability for us. Um, obviously we can lean on your expertise when we have questions. Um, anything agency, anything in acquisition of honor, um, you'll, you'll answer and that will be great. Um, but I think for us it's just having someone that we know has done this before and knows what they're talking about, um, almost like handholding us through some of this stuff, um, 'cause going from, yeah, like two freelancers that, like, no systems, no structure, no, um, employees or, or staff or anything, to where we are now, like, is not a, an easy thing. Um, and it's an... It's an easy, it is an easier thing, I guess, with someone like you that has done it before. Um, but yeah, I (laughs) I, I think it's, yeah, the, the accountability, the handholding, uh, the help when we've needed it, uh, from someone who's done it before is great. Yeah. Yeah. And, and it's... And, and that rings true across the board with a lot of the, the guys I work with, is, you know, not having accountability, uh, it's easy to procrastinate for yourself and to let down yourself. But you know you got a call next week with me, and you're like, "Yo, I got like five things I need to do between now and then." You go get it done. For sure. I mean, the course is the, the ammunition, I guess, and then you're helping us point the gun like where we need to, um, 'cause I think without that, we would've sort of... There's a lot of modules, obviously, on a lot of different things, like, we would've jumped around for sure. I, I definitely would've like jumped to different sections, or done different things, or done the wrong order. Um, but yeah, having, having you to, like, aim us, um, to, like, where's most important for our company stage and for where we're at- Yeah. ... it's, it's valuable. 100%, man. 100%. So you've got a lot of coaches other than me. You have the, the calls and the coaches on the calls. Tell me where have you felt like the Imperium team really showed up for you, like in a big way, and what happened? Um, I've joined a few of them. Uh, I think there... A, a mix of reasons why, and like some were just to listen in, maybe when we weren't ready for that certain thing. So I've joined like-

... the sales calls and some of the cold email ones before we had those sets up. And I think it's just interesting to sort of see the, the things people have tried and, and tested for their businesses. Uh, and then there are things that we can think about for when we get to that stage, or maybe things we can start prepping now, ready for when we get to that stage. Yeah. Um, for example, like the, I joined some of the cold email calls before we'd started cold email on using Clay for automations. A- and I think then we, we sort of started, maybe not actioning on it, but thinking of different ways we can start scraping emails or start finding emails about ICP, and using Clay for that. Um, and then obviously when we went through the actual module, we realized that, yeah, like some things need warming up or some things need time, um, and it meant that we could, uh, sort of action those quicker, I think. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. And I always advise people to do that, to sit in before you even need it, because y- if you know it's on your path and you're listening to other people who are down the path further than you, it's always gonna give you better insight and perspective for when you actually start the activity, right? So, for sure. For sure. So let's kinda talk about future, man. Like, where are you guys heading next? Like, what are you working toward now, uh, that you've built this foundation for yourself? Um, yeah. Getting consistent inbound leads or, or cold leads is gonna be the next thing, for sure. I, I think at the moment, very much still like everything we get, or the majority of what we get, is referral or partnerships, which is great, but- Yeah. ... I, I think, I think we can speed things up with the cold side. And, and setting up cold email and getting that dialed is, is, is ongoing, but that's, like, the main thing for us in the future, uh, or in the near future to do. Yeah. I think after that, we'd really like to expand the team, you know, when we can justify it. Like, as soon as we've got enough clients to justify a, a sort of junior second team member that can work below the person we've just hired, I, I think that would be really great to see. Yeah. Yeah. Expansion is gonna be key for you guys, because delivery is very hands-on for you. So, um, having a team there to kind of take that off your plate is gonna be major. Um- For sure, yeah. Excited. And also, it just, it's cool 'cause- Yeah. ... it makes it, it makes it seem like a real business, I guess. Like, free- it was freelancing before almost, even when it was, like, registered- Yeah. ... as an agency, it was still me and a mate doing freelance work. But, uh, yeah, now, yeah, I've, I've already, as you said, but like- Different when you, it's different when you're responsible for paying other people's bills. Like, that's how I used to see it- For sure. Yeah. ... when I first started hiring team. And we had a guy, we had one p- one person on salary, and everybody else was kind of commission. But this was, like, his main thing. And I was like, "Man," like, like, "we, we're responsible for him, for making sure that he can, like, put food on the table for his kids." Right? Like, we're responsible for making sure that can happen. And that's a, that's a big difference. Yeah. Like, you, you, you definitely go out of freelancer mode into like, "I'm a business owner. (laughs) I got, I got deeper responsibilities for my team now." Um. Yeah. But it's a great thing. And I'm looking forward to that. Yeah, moving away from just doing service delivery to being able to do probably 70% of my time can be on, like, business development, sales, and, and outbound. Yeah. Um, still some service delivery, still, like, strategy and everything, but, uh, it shifts more to business growth rather than business work, I guess. Yeah. Yeah. You'll, you'll notice a shift when it happens, for sure. Uh, so tell me this, like, if someone was, you know, sitting on the fence right now and thinking about whether Imperium is right for them or not, right, what would you say to them? Um, I think go for it. If you, if you can justify, like, the expense, it, i- it is worth it and it will get you a result, um, if you're gonna put in the work for it. Um, I can see that without the, like, without someone like you on the team, like, you could join and maybe not go through the courses or the resources or, or action on what's given to us. But I think it really helps. And I think if, like, someone's willing to listen to you, then, yeah, it's worthwhile. S- we're, we're gonna help 'em win. We're gonna help 'em win, for sure. Mm-hmm. Right? That's why I tell people who are really skeptical who get in and they're kind of still hesitant, I'm like, "Bro, I am here to run with you every single day and help you win." And a month from there, they realize that. (laughs) Right? Yeah. For sure. Yeah. Yeah. I think it's, it's something that's worth, worth testing out. Yeah, especially if you are, like, committed to growing the agency. Yep. Yep. 100%, man. Well, I appreciate that. Um, is there anything else you wanna share? Anything we haven't covered that you think people should know? Um, I don't think so. No. Um, I'm not sure. No. No? Okay. Um, I feel like there's, yeah, the, the community side is not, uh, the only, the only thing that I have on it is the, the community site is not, like, super, like, active and, and, like, popping as much as I thought it would be. Like, the real value is in the calls and the, the fractional, um, CEO side of things. Yeah. Um, so I think people, like, it's, it's worth noting that, I guess. Like, it's not gonna be, like, contacting or DM'ing or, or messaging in groups and communities like, uh, like, I don't know, some other platforms. It is, the value is in joining the calls and talking to people there. Yeah. Getting in front of the experts, man. Getting in front of the experts. Like, that is, that is one of the things that most course materi- course, not courses, but like, coaching programs or agency programs miss, is that the experts aren't really that high level of experts. And- Mm-hmm. ... Charlie and Beau have done an amazing job at putting, like, true experts in front of our clients on a daily basis. So, yeah. I love that about it. Love that about it. Sure. Yeah. Definitely. Yeah. Well, it's been an amazing, uh, call with you, Ben. I really appreciate you coming on this call with me, and, uh, sharing your story, and sharing what you've gone through and, and the experience that you've had. And man, we're just getting started, right? We're only like a month and a half, two months in. So like, we're just cracking the ice. Um, but I do appreciate you taking the time to do this. And I'm pretty sure we may have another one of these down next, you know, two, three, four months, uh, as you guys crack closer to 100K. For sure. Yeah. I mean, we're a month and a half in. We've doubled the headcount basically, or, uh, we're in the process of doubling the headcount and probably doubling revenue. So yeah, it's, uh, been great so far. Awesome. Awesome. Man, you enjoy the rest of your evening. I appreciate you, uh, jumping on the call with me. Cool. Yeah, man. Talk soon.