# Cyrus & Kylie: $3.5k to $78k per month in 8 months

Okay. What's happening, everyone? Hope you guys are doing well. Welcome back to yet another client interview. Today, I'm joined by one of our wonderful clients, one-half of the power couple that is the wonderful Khambatas. Hope I, hopefully I pronounced that right, Cyrus. I don't know how to pronounce your name. You got it. Khambatta. That's right. (laughs) Khambatta. There we go. Fantastic. I'm joined by Cyrus and hopefully a little bit later we'll also be joined by his wonderful wife, Kylie, who's been with us f- since June, um, June of 2025 and it's now February 2026, and they've done amazingly well with the program without even being on gear free, I may add. And I, I, I don't think Cyrus will mind me saying that as we've still got a lot to do. I love it. And, uh, yeah, this is gonna be a great interview as we're gonna go into Cyrus's story in a lot more detail. So Cyrus, for the people watching right now, obviously I know both you and Kylie very well. Uh, why don't you introduce, uh, who you are, uh, who you serve- Okay. ... and the transformation you deliver to your clients, man? Okay. Awesome. Thank you. Uh, so we run a business called Evolution Health and Evolution Health is a, uh, it's a lifestyle coaching program where we teach people how to reverse chronic diseases like diabetes, heart disease and obesity. So people come to us because they have high blood glucose, high blood pressure, high cholesterol and are overweight, some combination of those four factors, and we're able to basically teach them how to eat, how to move their body, how to sleep properly, how to reduce their stress levels and how to stitch the whole lifestyle together so that they can use their lifestyle as their first line of defense and then resort to medication when necessary. When people come to our program, they have a lot of problems and then over the course of a 12-month period, their problems get smaller and smaller and smaller and the list of medications that they have to use goes from being a lot to a very small amount or sometimes even none. So it's really fun to be able to help people do this and, uh, you know, I just wake up every morning and I, like, my heart is, gets really warmed when I see people making significant improvements in their overall health. Yeah. Absolutely amazing stuff. And Cyrus, just to paint a picture in the viewer's mind, man, uh, where were you from a monthly revenue standpoint before you joined the program, uh, compared to where you are now, man? Okay. So when we first joined this program, technically speaking we joined in June of 2025, and at that point, we didn't really have, like, a systematized anything, truth be told. We, we had a coaching philosophy and we knew what we were doing. Um, just a quick backstory here. I, I started and built another company, um, and the company was basically focused on specifically helping people with diabetes. The name of the company was called Mastering Diabetes and we basically grew that company to being, you know, three and a half million dollars in gross revenue, except over the course of time what we noticed is that client acquisition was really, really, really hard. It got harder and harder over the course of time and our profit margins kept on shrinking, shrinking, shrinking, shrink, shrink to the point where we were actually unprofitable. So when I ventured into this world to try and find another, you know, guru let's say or another agency to work with, the whole focus was on client acquisition because I know how hard that game can be specifically for, like, the high ticket coaching world. So long story short, at that time, we knew a lot of stuff because we had 10 years of experience underneath our belt, except we didn't have a new systematized process to be able to, um, you know, lead people through a lifestyle transformation process and then simultaneously, we didn't have a lead generation systematized process, we didn't have a sales systematized process, and as a result of that, the revenue that we were making at that time was literally $3,500 a month. Okay? So it's $3,500 a month in the month of June and then that's when I basically went on a, a, a detective, you know... I basically- (laughs) ... told my wife, I said, "Listen. I'm gonna speak to 20 different agencies and I'm gonna try and find if there's one agency that really understands the client acquisition game well." So she said, "Sounds like a plan." So I had one call with one agency and that, they, uh, yeah, kind of like, I was convinced but not convinced at the same time. There was a little voice in the back of my head that said, "No. No. Don't go that direction." Then the second call was with, uh, Jack from EasyGrow, okay? Now here's the funny thing. On my phone, I was hit with a ad from Charlie Morgan on Instagram and this ad I got hit with back in, like, February of that, of 2025. So I literally, like, clicked on the ad, I watched the whole video and then I clicked on the link to go, you know, book a sales call. But I had that tab open on my phone and I would literally look out that window and I was like, "I'm not ready yet. I'm not ready yet. I'm not ready yet." Mm. "Not ready yet." But I re- I remember, like, opening it up and constantly looking at Charlie's face and I was like, "When I'm ready for you dude, I'm coming." So finally one day in June I was like, "All right. Well, remember those Imperium guys? Let's go book a call with them." So I booked a call with them. I spoke with Jack and one discovery call later, I literally was like, "Oh my God. This is a whole different world." I initially went into it for client acquisition- Yeah. ... but I didn't realize that EasyGrow is like a whole universe of stuff. It's client acquisition, it's, you know, I think it's 17 different plug and play client acquisition models plus then there's also lead generation models, there's how to build a YouTube channel, there's how to build a social media following, um, there's how, go high level mastery, copywriting secrets, you name it. I literally was like, "This is unreal." So long story short, that's when we decided to join because we had a sinking suspicion. There was another voice in my head that said, "This is the right direction. These guys are different," and I said, "You know what? Let's roll the dice, play Yahtzee, and we tried it out." Single greatest business decision in 10 years of business, full stop.Boom. Interview done. See you later, guys. Uh, that's- (laughs) See you guys later. I'm out. (laughs) No, absolutely love it. So then you started at three and a half a month, Cyrus. Yep. And then your best month, I think it was last month. This month may surpass it, to be honest. But last month was ... You can take the floor with this. Yes. Okay, let me just tell you the ramp up. Okay? So, we'll say June, 3,500. July, 8,500. August, 7,500. So, no significant increases over the first two months because I wasn't implementing anything. I was just learning, learning, learning, learning, learning. Mm-hmm. I was just taking everything in and training this large language model to understand what the heck we was talking about. When I finally decided to start implementing the program, it was September. So, three months into our coaching, and our revenue went from $3,500 a month to $32,000 (laughs) when I started trying. So, uh, revenue effectively 10x'ed in one month. Yeah. October, 33,000. November, 35,000. So it was flat. And I was like, "All right. It's cool. I'm still learning." December, 59,000. January, 78,000. And now we're in February, we're halfway through, and we're at 44,000. Yeah. So, like- That's amazing. ... you can see it was like this, and then boom. It, uh, it takes this ... It's like a stairstep. It's like goes up, and then it hovers, and then it goes up, and then it hovers, and then it goes up. Yeah. It's awesome. Yeah. What's funny is, to people watching, and I, I joked about this with Cyrus, him and Kylie are literally operating on gear two, and that's not an insult to them. Yeah. It's because they're doing it intentionally as we're cooking some stuff in the background and they, they're leading with, you know, intention. They're not being lazy. I just wanted to clarify. But the reason why I emphasize that is you're probably gonna see a part two (laughs) down the line when we get all these other things in play as well, Cyrus. I can't wait. I, I ... That'd be awesome. Yeah. Absolutely. Cyrus, well, look, let's talk about, um, the problems you were facing before, right, when you was trying to figure out this whole client acquisition stuff yourself. Okay? So, what kind of issues- Mm-hmm. ... were you facing before which drove you to look for a coach and actually decide on, "Right, I need to go with Imperium here"? Like, what did acquisition look like before? What did sales look like? Tell me about the problems then. Okay. So, in order to answer that question, I'm gonna actually have to go backwards to the previous company, Mastering Diabetes- Mm-hmm. ... because I had, you know, 10 years of experience running that company, eight years of experience running that company. And one of the things we noticed is that I think the reason why client acquisition got harder and harder and harder over the course of time is because we didn't ... (sighs) There was a couple things. Number one, l- we, we got plenty of leads, let's put it that way. We got plenty of leads. We had a pretty high domain authority on Google, so people were organically coming to our website. We had a book out. It's a New York Times bestselling book. And so, people, you know, buy that book on Amazon, they read it, then they come to our website, then they come into our ecosystem. We also had a pretty large social media following across all channels, 650,000 people, right? Across Instagram, TikTok, Facebook, and YouTube. So, there was no shortage of, like, doors that were open in order to get people interested in the business. And in addition to that, we had also built an email list of, call it 175,000 people. Yeah. Right? So, there's like large email, large social media, book, you know, speaking engagements in person. So, like, we were cranking. But despite that, it felt like we were fighting people tooth and nail in order to join our program. And it was like, it was like so ... It was so frustrating, 'cause I was like, "Something's not, something's not right. Like, I don't know what it is." Yep. "But something's not right about this whole system," right? 'Cause, like, the lead flow is high. And we kept on telling ourselves, like, "Oh, these are just, like, poor quality leads." You know, you've heard that excuse before, where you're like, "Oh, these leads are just bad leads," you know? Yep. Nah, it's not true. It's not true. So, at first, we started with, like, purely organic, not spending any money on paid media. And then after kind of getting to a point where we were shooting ourselves in the foot, being like, "Uh, this isn't working," we started venturing into paid media. So, we had various different agencies over the course of time try to play the Facebook ads game. They'll send out Facebook ads, Instagram ads, and then they'd drive people to a lead magnet. Then the lead magnet would then initiate some type of, you know, lead nurture. The lead nurture would then try and get them to book a discovery call. Then you do the discovery call, and then you either win or you lose that discovery call. Right? So, it's like a multi-step process. That's our, that was our micro-action chain. We'll call it that way. Um, but even then, even then, it just wasn't like ... It wasn't fully working. We ... I mean, I can't even tell you how many meetings I had every single week where we'd sit there and we'd look at these spreadsheets and we're just like, "Oh," like, "Maybe we should tweak this thing. Maybe we should tweak this thing." And like ... It's just, like, frustrating, right? So, uh, we then ... When I, when I came over to the world of Easy Grow, okay, what I did was I ... Okay, one minute, one minute. What I did was I basically had to, like, pause everything that I thought I knew. Mm. And just, like, let go of, like, eight years of knowledge and experience and say, "Maybe there's a better way to do things. I'm gonna learn something new." Yeah. Okay? So, that was step one. Hold on for just one second. Let me just- Yeah, yeah. Go for it. ... change the camera. Yeah, yeah. Go for it. Okay. Thanks. That's it. Okay, so that was step one, is I had to basically put away everything that I thought I knew and then basically open my mind to a new way of doing things. So, that's why when we got into Easy Grow, I basically was like, "All right, Charlie's specific, um, instructions inside of Easy Go, Easy Grow, sorry, is when you first get into, uh, acquisition genesis, which is like 30 hours of, like, painstakingly detailed mindset-related information, and also just understanding the bigger picture of how a coaching platform is set up, or how a high-ticket business is set up."I literally was sitting there watching his videos and I was like, "Charlie, speak faster." (laughs) "Come on, come on, d- like, you're killing me." This is three hours of like, "Good Lord, this is boring." But then I basically was like, "Cyrus, get out of your own way. Stop. Like, there is gold in here." Yes. "Just be patient." So then I basically took that mindset, I threw it in the trash can and I was like, "All right, let me listen." And there was, there was these moments where, like, he would just be talking and all of a sudden I was like, "That's an epiphany. That's an epiphany. That's a different way of looking at things. That's a different way of looking at things. He's totally right, he's totally right, he's totally right." And all of a sudden, before I knew it, I was like, I was just viewing the business from a completely different angle. Right? And, you know, one of the things that he talks about in, in Acquisition Genesis in particular is he says, um, like, the problem that we were experiencing back in the day was that we thought that we had the world's worst business model, which is somebody comes to us with a bunch of problems, we solve the problems, and then they no longer need us. Right? So on a piece of paper you could say, "Oh, that's a terrible business model because now you don't have a recurring customer that's gonna continue to pay you over the course of time." But Charlie reframed that entirely for me. He said, "If you can't solve your, your, your customers' problems and if you're not the best program in the world to solve your customers' problems, then you shouldn't exist. You bro- y- you should literally close up shop right now." Yup. And I was like, "Oh, wow, that's a different way of looking at it." Mm-hmm. Yep. Right? So it's all these, like, different sort of mindset tricks that he was teaching me and then all of a sudden I was like, "Wow, I'm, I'm completely, I'm, I have a, a, a whole new way of looking at the business." That's number one. Then he told us, number two, "Don't skip ahead. Do not skip ahead and try and go to, like, copywriting secrets or, like, the sales process because, you know, like, you're gonna, there's a, there's a systematic way to go through this process." But then I told him, I was like, "Listen, I have to move to sales because I have 15 discovery calls on my calendar and I need to be able to close those sales." And he was like, "Cool. Do it. No problem. You have my permission." So I switched over to sales and I, like, learned the entire sales operating system from the ground up. Okay? And that's where the big, big, big epiphanies came for me because what I learned in going through this process was that there's a mindset component to sales as the salesperson, there's a, there's a systematic way that you walk somebody through the process of identifying their current state, identifying their future state, and then trying to determine whether or not you are the appropriate bridge between their current state and their future state. Okay? And what we were doing in our previous company is we were not, we were not fully doing that. We were just kinda, like, asking a bunch of questions and then basically be like, "Okay, cool. Sweet. Sounds like you're a client. Why don't you sign up right now?" And people were like, "Dude, you d- no. No." Yup. Like, "Where is the trust? You haven't built trust with us." Yup. Mm-hmm. Right? So in, what, what Charlie was helping me understand is, like, we gotta, we gotta spend time with people. Like, don't be afraid to be on a discovery call for 60 minutes or 90 minutes to really get to know the client. Yup. And determine whether or not they're a good fit for your program. Okay? If they say yes, cool, get them in the program. If they say no, it's still a win because you have an answer from them. Okay? What you don't wanna do is hang out in the middle, which is no man's land where you're like, "I don't know, maybe we should follow up, maybe we shouldn't. I don't know." So he helped me, again, reframe the idea that, like, both a yes and a no are a total win. Right? So just be comfortable with nos when they do come in. You're not trying to sell everybody into your program. You're trying to find the right people. And I was like, "Wow, that's a whole different way of looking at things." Right? So long story short, as I, like, developed our, you know, our offer and then I developed our guarantee and I stitched the whole thing together to put it into an actual sales script, I started executing that sales script and before I knew it, I was just like, "Man, this feels different." And people are literally thanking me. Yup. They're on a call with me and they're like, "Nobody has spent this much time with me ever." Mm-hmm. Yeah. "My doctor doesn't spend this much time with me. My nurse doesn't spend this much time with me. Nobody knows me this well. Thank you for your time." And that's where the trust was originally created. And then as a result of that, the success rate on those initial calls from, like, September, October, November, December, the average success rate was 60%. Boom, right off the bat. Yeah. Amazing. Yeah, you kind of just, the, uh, uh, the way we sort of teach the principles, Cyrus, is, like, you, you reframe it from, uh, you're no longer selling. You're now serving. So it's like- There you go. ... how can I s- how can I serve Cyrus on this call? I'm not looking to sell him. I'm look- I'm looking to actually help him out here. If you need to, if you need to help Indigo, Cyrus, you can. That's all good, man. Okay. I'll be back one second. Sorry. Yeah, so as I was saying, Cyrus, um, you kind of shift that perspective of, "Oh, I'm no longer selling. I'm serving. And whether the result's in this per- person buying something from me, or even if he doesn't buy something from me, I wanna leave them in a better place than I found them with newfound knowledge which they can take away and make an informed decision, whether it's with me or someone else." Um, and that, from a sales standpoint, it also makes it easier for you, Cyrus, and, uh, any client that's selling, right, because now there's no longer that massive pressure. It's like, "Oh, I gotta get their money, I gotta get their money." It's actually, "No, I gotta make sure that these guys are getting the information they need to make an informed decision. And whether they buy from, from me or not, I need to provide them with value," which unironically ends up with them (laughs) giving you their money regardless Yeah. It's so true. It's so true. And another thing too is that, um, when I'm on a sales call with somebody, if I get to a point in the call where I determine that they're actually not the right fit for the program, I actually get a lot of joy where I'm like, "Listen, you're not the right fit for this program, and let me tell you why." Right? Yeah. Because what it, what it's doing is it's taking me out of this idea that, like, I have to always present somebody with the opportunity to, "No, no, no, no, no, I'm looking for the right people." Exactly. Because ultimately if someone joins the program, I'm technically, like, stuck with them or I'm gonna continue to help them for, for 12 more months. So if they're not a good fit for the program on day one and all I care about is their money, then it's, it's a lose/lose 'cause they're not gonna get the benefit and then I'm gonna have to be able to, to coach them for the next 12 months. Right? So instead, when somebody's not a good fit for the program, I basically tell them that, and then that way it's a win-win 'cause I can say, "Listen, I think instead of working with us, you should go work over here. Go talk to this company." Yup. So it's a win for them and then it's a win for us because then I don't have to worry about a customer who I can't actually solve problems for. Right? Exactly. It's funny, like, I had a, a mastermind call like that with a client that I down sold. So he was literally ready to pay like 20K or whatever, ran- (laughs) Right. And, uh, I, well, I said to him, and shout out to Lars, like, he wouldn't mind me mentioning his name. I've done an interview with him before. When I told him, as, when I broke down the numbers on a Google Doc, I literally looked at him and said, "Lars, I tell you what, man. You don't need the mastermind. You just need to do more of what you're already doing and you know you're not doing what you're supposed to do." (laughs) This is that. Look at this. And then (laughs) I said to him, like, "I'm not gonna sell you the mastermind, but, like, if you did wanna buy something, maybe renew for EasyGrow so for that accountability factor. But even then, you don't need EasyGrow." (laughs) And he, he thanked me so much. He's like, "Wow. Like, no, I was ready to give you 20K right now. Like, th- thank you so much for looking out for me, this, this, that. I do want the renewal because I just want accountability and whatnot." Yeah. And then it was, uh, it was a, you know, a happy sort of ending there where it's like, okay, cool. He got what he needed, but also he's, there's a lot more trust now because any other person who just cares about their client's money as opposed to their wellbeing, they would've just snatched them up and said, "Yeah, come through." Like, you know, given him something that he didn't need, right? But again, it comes back to what we spoke about there, Cyrus, where we're not selling, we're serving. And serving can sometimes result in us getting a close, but also it can result in, like you said there with one of your prospects, uh, in, in not getting the close, but making sure they're in the right position to do what's best for them. 100%. 100%. And it's a win when you find the right fit for them, even if the right fit for them- Absolutely. ... is not inside of your program, period. I'm sorry. Yeah. Absolutely. Amazing stuff. Cyrus, one thing I wanna speak to you about, man, is obviously (laughs) the importance of acquis-

Acquisition Genesis, and again, you echo what loads (laughs) of other clients say, where the module is so long, it's, it's lots of Charlie, (laughs) Charlie speaking a lot and whatnot, but it's for good reason, right? Mm-hmm. How important was that module alone to your success with our sort of product ecosystem? Because with a- I mean, I- Yeah, (laughs) go for it. Go, go ahead. Go ahead. I was gonna say, with a lot of programs, right, they'll teach you the, the magic script or the magic strategy and this and that, but they don't actually teach you how to think or why you're doing what you're doing, and that's exactly what Acquisition Genesis teaches you to do, so that you're in full control and power over ev- everything and you're not reliant on a system. So yeah- 100. ... some questions you might ... Like, how important was that module alone to the success that you've had with everything else, essentially? I mean, I, I wish I could put, like, a number on it. I could say, "On a scale of one to ten, it was a 92 or something." Like, I can't do that. Mm. Because what it did was it basically ... It, it shifted my entire way of thinking. And like, I can't put like a, a number on- Mm. ... um, you know, a, uh ... on somebody who brings you a different r- a different light and a different, uh- Absolutely. ... a diff- a different way of viewing your entire world, right? Yup. So I remember as I was going through that, I was spending a lot of time, like ... Um, I would either listen to it while I was driving, and it would just like ... I would ... I could, like, fully focus on exactly all the words that w- that he was talking about, or I would be, like, in the garden, and I would be, like, pulling weeds and I would be planting banana trees, and I was listening to stuff. And I remember there was, uh ... (laughs) There were a couple of videos. There was one of them whose name I can't remember, where he was walking through, I think it was like 88 different psychological levers that you can pull- Wow. ... that you can utilize with a client. Um, and he was walking through every single one of them in grave detail because he's read, you know, I don't know, 100 books on the topic. And I was just like, "Oh my God." (laughs) So he like ... I remember thinking to myself, I was like, "Man, if I could just become a master at even like 10 of these psychological levers, then these psychological levers will enable me to not only a- execute sales, but it's also a recipe for gaining friends and being a good family member and being able to influence people in, in whatever way, shape, or form you would like." Right? So this is just like ... It's a, it's a script for being able to conduct your life, and I was just like, "Whoa, that's huge." (laughs) But then in addition to that, he al- ... There was another, uh, there was another video. I think it was actually in Consulting Nirvana if I'm not mistaken, so that was a separate video, but it basically showed how the, um, digital coaching model has such a ridiculously high profit margin. Yup. And that the, the profit margin can be upwards of 75% if done correctly, and he proved it over and over and over again and demonstrated how like, you know, as, um, Imperium Acquisitions started at like $200,000, dollars a year to a million dollars a year to $4 million a year, $5 million a year, that their profit margin was not changing. Or maybe it was going down by a little bit- Yep. ... but not significantly. And I was just like, "You've gotta be kidding me," because at our previous company, like I said earlier, we got to a point where we were generating three plus m- million dollars a year, and our profit margin went from 65,000 ... sorry, 65% to 35% to 12% to negative 22%. We were losing money. We were literally hemorrhaging money on a da- Yeah. ... on a daily basis, and I was just like, "Wow, okay. I need to learn this for myself." Again, massive, massive, you know, uh, epiphany for myself. So to answer your question, acquisition genesis was stupid good. Yeah. (laughs) In fact, I'm gonna go back and listen to the entire thing all over again, truth be told. I'm gonna listen to it multiple times. And Jack even told me that when he first started. Yup, yup. He said- Absolutely. ... "What I recommend doing is going through." He l- he literally was like, "I go through the sales training over and over and over." He's like, "I don't even know how many times I've gone through that because it just, like, solidifies it so that it is, like- Mm-hmm. ... in my brain at all times." The more that I go through it, the more that I, you know, the more that I benefit. So I'm like, "Wow, I should just do the same thing over and over again," you know? Yeah, absolutely. We always recommend clients to revisit it. Once a month is extreme, to be honest, (laughs) because you know, you got like obligations and whatnot. Mm-hmm. But like once a quarter, do make a habit of it, um, as it goes a long way. And I'm sure you agree with this, Cyrus, like, when you go r- revisit it, you'll probably have new insights to take away with your newfound knowledge after executing some stuff. It's like, "Oh, I didn't notice- Mm-hmm. ... the first time. This is the first time around. This is something new I can add and whatnot," which is great. Um, Cyrus- Oh, yeah. ... you were obviously studying for like two, three months of the program, so it was just mainly theory, just, you know, getting to grips with everything, right? Uh, talk to me about the application side of things. Um, what did you start to put into place, man, to get the numbers that you eventually started to get month on, month on month, um, to, to get to where we are today? Okay, sorry. The question is what, w- one more, one more time? For the application side of things, right? Mm-hmm. So for the first three months, it was just theory, like you said, right? You're just studying, uh, studying everything- Correct. ... consuming content. Mm-hmm. Walk me through the application side of things. So- Mm-hmm. ... after you'd done all the theory, what did you apply to starting traction in the businessman and getting momentum? Good point. What I had to d- apply was sales genesis, uh, right off the bat. Yeah. Right? Sales training. So what I did was I basically went through the offer creation process, and I basically just s- said, okay, like, in grave detail, what are the words that I'm gonna use in constructing my offer? So I went back and forth with, uh, some of the members of Easy Grow to try and figure out exactly what the offer was gonna be. Then, I took that offer and I put it inside of the sales script. I customized the sales script so that it was, uh, related to us, and then I also made sure that I put a lot of time into the guarantee to try and figure out, are we gonna offer a guarantee? If so, what is the guarantee? Is it gonna be a red line guarantee where we basically say, "I'm gonna not only g- refund your money, but then also put more money in your bank account just, just for wasting your time"? And we decided that we're gonna do that.So long story short, when I finally customized the script with all the t- the pieces that were necessary in order to execute a full 60-minute-long call, and then I started delivering that, it was like wildfire. (fingers snapping) I mean, it was such a freaking game changer for me. Right? But again, the thing is, is like, you know, in my, the previous model of my ... and the, the way that I was thinking about it before, it was all about the script, the script, the script, the script, the script, the script, the script. Yes. Yeah. It was just like, "Give me a better script and then I will have a better call." Totally. Yep. Not a true statement. Not a true statement at all, because the script is only a product of the time and effort that you put into it customizing it, which is only a t- a, a product of the mindset that you have in developing those pieces in the first place. Exactly. Yeah. Right? So if the mindset's wrong, the pieces are gonna be wrong. If the pieces are gonna be wrong, the words are gonna be wrong. If the words are gonna be wrong, the execution's gonna be wrong, and it's not gonna work. And another thing too that I learned in sales training was, um, just focus, pure focus. Like, don't check your email. Don't be typing on your computer. Don't be eating food. Nothing. Just sit there, focus on the person that's in front of you, and have a pen and a piece of paper and write things down the old-fashioned way. Right? And really go through a full diagnostic process to try and figure out, are you the right fit for that person. Right? So once I started doing that and saying, "Okay, cool. I have a full 60 minutes with you. Let me write things down. Let me, like, fully understand who you are and then either let you know that, yes, I can help you or, no, I can't help you, and then present the offer if I can." Um, that whole thing just allowed me to slow down and then allow me to actually, uh, like you said, serve rather than sell. Yeah. Amazing stuff. I love what you mentioned this. Oh, I love the fact that you mentioned the, the whole script side of things and your old belief, Cyrus, was like, "Where's the magic script? Where's ... Like, I need a better script. I need a better script." But actually, the reason why you're succeeding as well as you are now, yeah, the script's good, but actually, and you'd, you'd agree with me on this, it's more so you know why you're saying things. You know the why- Yeah. ... and how behind- Exactly. ... what's being said. And as a result, your conviction's so different. Exactly right. It's, it's the why. It's the why behind the words. Yeah. 100%. Amazing. Question asked. That's it. Regard- With regards to appointments, Cyrus, how are you currently setting your appointments? Is it just purely through, still, like, inbound? Or, like, what's the situation there? Okay. So the way that we're doing it right now is ... You know, in Easy Grow, they basically give you a whole bunch of different methodologies. Right? You can either go to organic social media. Yep. You can do DM sorcery. You can create a new YouTube channel. You can create a new Instagram channel. Um, you could do email. Um, you could do cold calling and beyond. So I kind of, like, did a full evaluation to try to figure out which one, which direction to go. And I was like, "Oh, should I do cold email? Should I do cold calling? Like, I don't want to. I don't want to. But maybe that's the right direction." And then I realized that I was sitting on a goldmine, which is an email list. Oh, yeah. I have an email list of, you know, 50,000 people plus. And at that point, I was like, "Wait a minute. These people already know, like, and trust me." Yep. These people are not cold. They're not warm. They're hot. They're hot because they've known, like, and trusted me for the past decade. And at that point, I said, "I would be, I would be silly if I didn't just focus all my efforts on that email list." So rather than going and creating new social media assets and trying to spin up a new channel, I said, "Why don't I just use all of my email marketing skills that I already have acquired over the course of the last 10 years and, like, really dedicate this channel?" Right? And so as a result of that, what I did was I started emailing those people and basically explaining to them why I started a new business, what is the new business, how is it different than the old business and beyond. And, and people just came back to me. They were like, "Thank you so much for telling me. I've been wondering where you were the last year." (laughs) "I'm so glad to be, you know, reunited with you." And I was just like, "Dude, these, these are real people. Like, I can help these people." Right? So at that point, um, Kylie and I basically started, um, dripping emails to these people. You know, campaigns with scientific information, detailed scientific re- information that's, like, literally old school, like, blog articles. I'm talking 3,000-word pillar blog articles that people can read through to be like, "Damn, this is legit stuff." And then simultaneously, my wife, Kylie, who's a registered nurse of 19 years, she started a new podcast. And this podcast is actually doing really well, where she's basically talking about various rela- topics related to lifestyle change. And she focuses mainly on helping women. And as a result of that, people come to her and they basically are like, "Hey, how can I hire you as my coach?" And she says, "Go talk to my husband." And then those people come in, and then we can get them into the program, and then continue to grow following that way. Yeah. Right? So it's primarily email, but then also podcast, number two, and it's, it's clearly working. To, to people watching, this is why I said Cyrus and Kylie are on gear two. We haven't even tapped into cold outbound. We're refining, you know, Cyrus's social media (laughs) strategy. There's no strategy right now, as we need to rebuild everything. Um, this is purely from leveraging existing traffic. Correct. And Cyrus and Kylie, they just came up with this, you know, this standard strategy themselves, because they just reached out on a whim, trying to reactivate the list and whatnot, and it's worked very, very well. And I'd go as far as saying, Cyrus, I remember from our first conversation, I don't know if you remember, uh, we, I was going back and forth with Kylie, because Kylie was saying, "No, we don't wanna sprinkle CTAs because we feel guilty," and this, this, that. And after that, Ky- Correct. I do remember that. Like, but you're serving, you're not selling. (laughs) If you're not adding the CTAs, it's actually a disservice to your market. So now, we're actually s- we've now finally started to sprinkle that in, which is now assisting in getting these appointments, getting to these sales and whatnot, um, and we're slowly going through the gears now, which is absolutely fantastic. So yeah. Awesome. Amazing stuff. Amazing. You got it. You got it. Yeah, there was almost, like, a, a fear of CTA just because I didn't know how often- Yeah. ... how much, and you were right. You just kind of were like, "Just get over it." Like- Yeah. ... you're not gonna sell. You're just gonna offer. You're gonna create an offer. Yeah. And then try and change people's lives, pretty much. Exactly. It's, uh, it's kind of like ... And the way you package these CTAs- (kiss noise) ... and the way we teach, Cyrus, is like, it's no, it's not just a pitch, you know, it's not, "I'll buy your stuff." If you actually look at the, the way your emails are structured, it's actually, wow, this email alone has given me a ton of value here. Right. Like, forget, forget booking a call with Cyrus. I, I would book a call, but I've got (laughs) a ton of value from this email alone, so- Exactly. ... there's no need to actually feel guilty, because again, you're coming from a place of serving and not selling, which is fantastic. 100%. Cyrus, I wanted to talk to you about...Obviously, you were part of the Easy Grow and whatnot, and then you joined the Mastermind, right? Correct, correct. Now, talk to us about the Mastermind, man. How have you found that so far in terms of the, obviously the event that you... I think you've only attended one event so far. I'm gonna see you in Amsterdam next month, which is gonna be great. All right, got it. Um, but then you also got the Slack support, the, the more private coaching calls with Charlie and Beau and whatnot. Talk to me about the Mastermind side of things and how that's been for you, man, in terms of- Okay. ... you know, accelerating results. Cool. Yeah, so we joined the Mastermind in November of last year. Yep. And, um, we went to our first event in, uh, New York in December- Yep. ... to meet you and the entire team in person. And, uh, the, the event was awesome. It was so cool, 'cause it was, like, basically three days of intensive learning where we got to really understand the ins and outs of everything related to, like, lead generation, AI, sales, um, mindset, and beyond, right? So there, like, no question is, is dumb. There's, there's, like, a lot of reasons why I think it was beneficial. Number one, because I got to meet each of you in person, and then I had, I got to have, you know, one-on-one conversations with each of you to try and figure out exactly, like, how I can, you know, how I can move forward. Number two, because I love AI and I learned a lot about specific ways that we can utilize AI to, to, uh, rather than hiring human beings to execute specific tasks. So that's a, that's a... That keeps our profit margin high. And then number three is because I got to meet other people that were inside of the Mastermind as well, and I got to share ideas with them, which you... It's, it's kinda hard to do when you're just sitting in front of a computer- (laughs) Yep. ... you know, looking at school, because everybody else is just kind of like, you know, it's just like a synthetic, you know- Yep. ... avatar. So, um, the event was very, very im- impactful, and it was the same kind of thing that I experienced when I went through Acquisition Genesis, which is, like, you have to wade through a lot of material to pull out a couple of different epiphanies, right? Mm. Yep. In the, in the Mastermind, we sat through, call it, you know, six to eight hours times three days, so we're looking at 20-plus hours of, like, sitting and listening and learning, and there were a couple of really powerful epiphanies that just hit me like a ton of bricks. I need it. No, I'm on a call. Okay. (soft thud in background) Yeah, you can have some. Okay, so I had to sit there and wade through 20 hours of, you know, plus of learning, but then there were a couple of specific epiphanies which hit me all along the way, where I was just like, "Bam, that was it," and then I would write that down, and I was like, "Execute this." And then another three, four, five, six hours would go along, and all of a sudden, it's just like, "Bam, another one," and I was like, "Boom, remember this?" Right? So it's these small things that came along the way, and we started implementing those, and then that enabled us to basically go from, you know... We, we doubled our revenue again over the course of the next month. Now, here's the funny thing, okay? When that Mastermind was actually taking place, okay, that was at the beginning of December, so both Kylie and myself were there, and I remember looking at, uh, our revenue that month, and I was just like, "Oh, God. December's gonna be brutal. Oh, this December sucks." I was like, "I just don't see how we're all of a sudden gonna magically generate a bunch of, like, new discovery calls and then maybe generate revenue," right? And then, at the Mastermind, I can't remember who it was that I spoke with, but I was like, "Oh, wait a minute. We have a, we, we do webinars. What if we were to host a webinar that was specific to, you know, new year, new you, but we'll do it a little bit earlier and we'll teach people how to, like, navigate the holidays and beyond?" So Kylie and I did that, and we executed one webinar, and that one webinar (laughs) generated $35,000 from one webinar over the course of the next seven days, and I was just like, "You gotta be kidding me. This is ridiculous," right? So long story short, um, the Mastermind in person was awesome. Having what, uh, let's see. Who was it? Jack was the one that basically got us back into it, and he basically said, "Think about it this way. It's like having a C-suite in your pocket." That's what I said. I, I lab-... Charlie made fun of me. Shout out to Charlie. I, I said, "Hey, we should call this, like, Eight-Figure Back Pocket." You've literally got, (laughs) you got it in the back pocket. You just whip out your phone and start talking. Sorry, Cyrus, go ahead. I, I just- No, you're absolutely right. ... jumped into it there. (laughs) So when I talked about that with Kylie, she was literally just like, "It's a C-suite. We get a C-suite. We've always wanted a C-suite." (laughs) And I was like, "Oh, this is dumb." So then we ended up basically doing it, and now we have the C-suite. We're like, we don't have to worry about, you know, creating a post inside of Easy Grow and talking with 400 other people. Instead, we're just like, boom, uh, "Nor, what do I do in this situation? Selway, what do I do in this situation? Charlie, what do I do in this situation?" And you guys get back to me within a couple of hours, problem solved. Like, I don't have to worry about it, you know? So, like, that is extremely valuable. Yeah, love it. Kylie, so good for you to join us, and- Thank you. ... for, for people watching- Yeah. ... this is Cyrus's wonderful partner, um, in life and in business. Kylie, it'd be great to get your input, right? On- Yeah. ... how you found the program, like, Easy Grow, even the Mastermind, um, alongside Cyrus, and, like, how it, how... Like, your thoughts on it, essentially. Absolutely. And the, the C-suite, like, just right away, my brain is just popping- (laughs) ... because I actually came from a more sort of traditional structured, um, background in my career. So I'm a nurse, and I worked in, um, healthcare in a hospital setting for many, many years, and I moved into nursing leadership as a nurse manager and director. And so I was very comfortable speaking with the team above me, like the executives, right? The C-suite, for example. So I spoke with nurse exec- the nurse executives and the CEO of the organization, not regularly, but I had some access to them when I needed it in terms of me-... you know, as part of my career, my, my role. And so when we went and sh-... when I shifted gears and moved into this entrepreneurial space, I felt very exposed. Like, I was like, "Oh my gosh, I don't know what I'm doing." You know, hav-... Going from that place where there's a ton of support and this high-level communication, I felt very alone. And it was a new way to... You know, stepping into entrepreneurial work is very new, was very new for me. So when Cyrus was explaining this and when that, that term c-... That was, like, the aha moment for me. Mm. That just, like, turned it over in terms of, like, yes, this is the program for us, because for me, because my business is not my background, you know, that, like, that really helped to solidify the choice to join. And then, because we were having such a great experience with the team, when the choice to go to the Mastermind, you know, became available, we were like, "Yes, absolutely, let's do this." It was a no-brainer. And, you know, through this journey, it's, it's provided so much validation, so much, you know, your, the team has provided so much validation, so much cut the BS. (laughs) It's like, when you have an idea, it's either like- Yeah. ... yes or no, and here's why. Yeah. Right? So it really gets you out of that, like, turning ideas in your mind into, like, taking actionable steps. Yeah. And I think that's a big challenge for a lot of entrepreneurs, is that- Yeah. ... there's so many ideas, there's so many- Mm-hmm. ... possibilities, there's so many ways of doing things, that this program really helps you structure those thoughts into, like, actiona- actionable items. It gets it out of your head and into action. Yeah. And we've seen just the-

(laughs) Tremendous growth, as Cyrus was describing. Yep. You know? Yep. Amazing. Yeah. Yeah. It's so funny, Kylie, because before you joined, um, I was joking with Cyrus, even, even whilst we were recording, it's like, "Man, you and Kylie haven't even gone into gear three." It's because we haven't leveraged your socials, we haven't done any sort of outbound or inbound, like, strategies from the program (laughs) at least. Yeah. Yeah. And, you know, last month, you'd done, like, 78K. Yeah. So it's technically, we're on gear two right now, right? We haven't even done anything else. Exactly. I know. And we're very fortunate because we do have experience within this space. Of course. So we have an audience that really trusts us, and that- Yeah. ... has been very instrumental in this, that, you know, we've done a lot of work in the background, in the past, right? To build, to be at this place with this new, um, iteration of our business. So- Yeah. ... you know, in that sense, um, but really, what it's, what you guys have offered, it's like a place where you're just, you're just, like, plugging in. Like, you're like, it- that's how I see it, it's like, okay, you plug in this thing, and then all of a sudden, there's this cash flow and, like... And the reality is, and you know, we are in, we're in a space where we really love helping people, and we just want to help people. Yeah. And so, the ability for us to, like, plug in these ideas that are working, people are getting benefit from what we teach and what we do. Mm-hmm. Yeah. But then, we're also getting the exchange, right? That energetic exchange. Exactly. We're not giving it away for free all the time. We're... And to me, that flow, that cash flow, is energetic exchange. And- Yeah. ... to me, that is very meaningful, because again, it's very validating of the work we do. We're getting results, we get results with our clients, you know? So it's like, it all just is like- Yeah. ... just pros. (laughs) It's a wonderful ecosystem. Yeah, me and Cyrus were just speaking, and I'm sure you'd agree, you're no longer selling, you're serving. And that whole reframe, it just changes everything, because now it's like, selling is easier because guess what? You're not selling, you're serving. And that may- That's right. ... consist of s- w- uh, Cyrus was just speaking about this, and for those w- watching right now, Cyrus has actually had to go to a sales call, so- (laughs) ... you can see that (laughs) the systems are working. (laughs) The, there we are, so we've got a nice little substitute here, but no, what I was saying, Kylie, um, you know, when you start to serve right, Cyrus was saying, "Not everyone gets sold," because you guys want what's best for the client, and sometimes what you guys- Right. ... are offering right now is not a good fit. But like you said- Mm-hmm. ... the energy is just different, right? As a result of that. It's no longer, "Oh, I need your money. I need this, I need that." It's like, sales become so much easier, and those who don't buy from you, they stay as part of your ecosystem because they trust you. And down the line, they'll convert when they're a better fit. Exactly. Absolutely. And we have had people that, exactly to your point, it's like, "Well, this just isn't the right time," or we actually have amazing people in our network that we can refer people to also. We're not clamoring for the sale. It's a much different, um, experience even in that sale part of the relationship, right? Yeah. Where you're, we're not, like, begging for the sale. We're like, "No, actually, you'd be a better fit here with this person." And we know- Yeah. ... we know people- Exactly. ... that we, that can help you better or differently at this moment. Yeah. And so, yeah, that's been very relieving, and especially for Cyrus. He handles the majority of the sales, like, I'm- Mm-hmm. ... you know, I'm a lot, I work more in the fulfillment side, and also- Yeah. ... content, right? Making content. And, and, um, but even when, you know, we talked, and you said, you know, really, that CT-, like, focus on that CTA. Oh, yeah, we- (laughs) Yeah, yeah. I was just telling Cyrus about that, yeah. Yeah. I mean, that was such a, that was such an aha moment for me of, I believe in what we do, I believe in what I do. I know, I trust myself in this. So sending that message out in a way that feels aligned with my messaging is also really, has been really fun to play around with, you know? Yeah. And we have, I mean, Cyrus has gotten, you know, from my podcast, Cyrus has had many, many discovery calls where people are like, "I don't even know how I came in touch with you, but, like- Yeah. ... I listen to the podcast, and I love it. So, like, you know, I'm here." And so, you know, that CTA has definitely made a huge difference in, in my confidence. Again, I feel like this program and, like, the advice that I'm getting from you and the team is like, you know, it's the plug-in. It's like, "Oh, okay, just take this action, and look what can happen as a result of that." Exactly. Yeah. You know? Yeah. So. And yeah, it's, it's funny you mention CTA. I remember our very first Zoom call, when I, when I connected with you and Cyrus, right? On that one-on-one we had. Yeah. Or one-on-two we had. Yeah. Um, (laughs) and I told you, it's like, "Well, actually, if you're not doing CTAs, you're doing a disservice to your market." Because you guys- Yeah. ... have almost two de- two decades or three decades of collective experience in the health sector. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. So it's like, you know, Kylie, if you don't do CTAs, you're letting your market down. Yeah. It's not about, it's not... And it comes back to what we spoke about, the reframe. We're no longer selling, we're serving. Right. And actually, CTAs don't have to be sell, sell, sell. The email itself could be of great value. And then you just mention, naturally mention that they can speak to you if they wish. Yep. And again, when you do that reframe, it's like, "Ah, I am doing a disservice if I don't add (laughs) a CTA here 'cause I can help." Yeah. Especially with an offer like yours, by the way, we can ge- genuinely change someone's health, which is priceless. Yeah. Yeah. It really is. It's amazing. And we, you know, we, we've been doing private, this past year, in 2025, we were doing, we started out just reintroducing private coaching again, you know? Yep. We had stepped away from that for a little while, while we were refiguring things, and so we rebuilt our new brand, and we started with private clients, and, you know, the relationships and the energy that came out of that, and, like, the results that came out of that was just astounding. And it wasn't hard to get to the point of being able to then shift gears to that group coaching. And now, we have a community of people who are truly, like, hand-selected. Um, they all are motivating each other. The group itself is a group member, you know? And I'm sure you experienced that too within this. Yeah. When we were using the school platform, we're using the same system- Yep.And people are so excited to be part of a community. Yeah. It's so satisfying. And, you know, I'm not alone, you know? It takes away those fears- Exactly. ... of, "I'm alone in this," right? But, no, this community- Yeah. ... is here to show you you are not alone. And, you know, the coaching calls, again, like, when we attend the coaching calls with, you know, with you guys versus, like, hosting our own coaching calls, there's a lot of, there's a lot of, like... I love the idea of, that we've been able to mirror what you, what you built- Absolutely. ... to execute our program, because it's just familiar, right? Yeah. It's that- that whole platform is so familiar- Yep, amazing. ... from a user and from a provider. (laughs) Yeah, exactly that. Kylie, one thing I wanted to ask, and you can answer for yourself and on behalf of Cyrus as well, uh, how does version one of you guys look compared to the version I'm speaking to right now? Like, were there any limiting beliefs that you guys had prior- Mm-hmm. ... to joining the program where they've completely broken now, where you're like, "Oh, my God. Actually, like, this is the way to do things," that we thought was the wrong way? It'd be great to hear on that end, like, what shifts you had to make in your thinking, uh, in order to succeed here. Mm-hmm. For sure. Yeah. Well, the first is just the confidence. I think, you know, there's so many questions in your mind around, uh, "Are we doing the right thing? Are we, you know, are we gonna make enough money? Are we gonna..." You know, like, you know, "We're..." All of those questions. Yeah. And I think because of the core structure itself, there's so much confidence built into that, that it, it really has taken me out of the, like, what ifs and into the let's execute, right? Like- Yep. ... it's kind of like when you... if you build it, they will come, right? (laughs) Yep. And so the, that, that, and having the structure, I think, around being able to speak with people individually and talk about things on the go, like on the daily, through the texting and the, and using, um, Slack. But in terms of, like, the mental shifts, I'd say, it really, what I heard right away was a lot of validation, you know, and I think that was something that we really benefited from, was getting the validation that we're on the right track, or if we're not, how do we redirect really quickly, right? Yeah. Or what are the tools to use? So, um, and then in terms of sales, there were a lot of limiting beliefs around sales, because in our previous- Yep. ... business, that was our biggest area where we strug- we struggled the most- Yep. ... was qualifying leads. And, you know, and I think the shift is that everybody is a qual- is a qualified lead. It's a matter of hitting the right points, right? How do we get that, this person to really see that we are the solution for them? And if we recognize that we're not the solution for them, being okay letting it go, right? Yeah. I think the limiting belief was, like, we're always gonna struggle with sales. Hmm. And, and a- and getting people to buy into their health. And what we're now seeing is actually, no, that's not something we're gonna struggle with. We're actually able to- Yeah. ... get people to bi- to commit and to invest in their h- in their health. Yeah. Now it's funny because (laughs) you, Cyrus, is probably, and yourself, of course, you're s- you're probably seeing people you're having to turn down, and they wanna pay you money, but you're telling them, "No, no, actually this is a fair fee." (laughs) Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. And especially when it comes to motivation. I mean, for- Yeah. We want people who are motivated, because, you know, as you know, in a group setting, it's really important that the people are feeling aligned and- Absolutely. ... while there can be some moments where your motivation drops, but you can tell really quickly somebody who is looking for, you know, uh, you know, something free or a freemium thing, right, versus somebody who's really invested and wants- Exactly. ... motivated to make a, you know, make a change for themselves. Yeah. Absolutely. Absolutely. Yeah. Kylie, as we kind of wrap things up here- Yeah. ... like, typically there's two groups of people that watch these type of interviews. Yeah. The first of which are current clients, and the second of which are people that have yet to purchase the program. Okay. Maybe they're on the fence, or maybe like you and Cyrus, you wanted to speak to 20, 20 people before purchasing, right? Right. (laughs) Um, for the, for the first group, right, let's talk to clurrent clients. Mm-hmm. What would you say to current clients in terms of the best pieces of advice you can give in order to succeed, like, based off of working with us in the past couple of months? Hm. Okay. For the current clients, I'd say, um, uh, pick your lowest hanging fruit, right? Yeah. Sure. Like, look at the low hanging fruit. Use the tools that match and align with your low hanging fruit, because you're gonna get big wins with the easiest, sort of lowest hanging, 'cause there's so many- Good questions. ... of them, right? And to look up here and say, "Oh gosh, we've gotta be up here at the top," can be really overwhelming when you're in a program like this. So I'd say, you know, take it, like, one lesson at a time, but also when it comes to taking action on things, really be discerning on what's the lowest hanging fruit, the things that are kind of the easiest to really grab onto right away and makes... and see some changes happen- Yeah. ... first and foremost. Amazing. Because when you get some wins under your belt and you get some systems in your, in place, then it makes the next layer and the next layer and the next layer, and soon you're gonna be up at the top of the tree, right? So I'd say if you're in this program, like, don't worry about consuming all of the information- Mm-hmm. ... at one time. You know, go through, look at what your biggest, easiest problems to attack are, and, and maybe, like, choose those lessons and focus for the begi- at the beginning or- Absolutely. ... where you are right now. Yeah. Perfectly put. And again, so for people re-watching this, uh, Kylie summed it up perfectly because, uh, both her and Cyrus entered the program with about two to three decades worth of career capital in the health space. So their lowest hanging fruit was their reputation.Whether it was Cyrus's email list of 50K or even, you know, Kylie's podcast and whatnot, they didn't look into doing the outbound or inbound. They said, "Let's leverage what we currently have and implement some of the theory that we're taught." And as a result, this is why I'm teasing them about being in gear two, we've h- we've hit 78K a month last month without even implementing the other stuff. And that's when- Yeah. ... we're going to, going to get into gear three, gear four, gear five. So that was wonderful a- advice, Kylie, really do appreciate that. Now the f- my, the fun question here, the fun group, people who have yet to join the program- Yeah. ... almost as if you're speaking to yourself, Kylie, and- Mm-hmm. ... yourself and Cyrus. So imagine you've gone through agencies in the past, other programs, you know, you, they tried their hands at Facebook ads, agencies, whatever, it didn't go right, um, and again, they, they're approaching things with the same skepticism that maybe you guys had, right? What would you say to those individuals, um, again, almost like you're speaking to yourselves, um, what would you say to them in terms of, you know, the program and whether they should join and whatnot? Um, I would say trust, trust the process. You know, this, I've been blown away by the authenticity, the, um, level of detail, the care of, you know, the clients within your team, within, you know, the Charley Morgan team, right? Um, and I'd say if you're on the fence, you know, go for it and trust the process, because you're, you're going to not only learn a lot about yourself and about what you're capable of, you're also going to gain such great tools that you can utilize immediately. Literally- Mm-hmm. ... day one. Yep. Like, off the bat. I mean, that was the biggest, like, the very first week, Cyrus was, like, consuming the sales information- Yeah. ... and was putting those things into practice the first week, with all that he had. So there's, you know, there's so much to, there's like, there, the trust of the process and trust of this team, um, you know, and, and I have to say, like, I mean, I'm (laughs), I'm 46. I've been, I've had a long career. I was blown aw- I was also very impressed with the fact that, like, these are, this is a younger generation of, of entrepreneurs, like you and your team, and I have just been absolutely blown away by the level of professionalism, connection, authenticity, and really just being able to provide results. And that has been very, um, you know, like, looking back on it now, I'm like, "Wow, I really trust this process." And so ... Yeah. Yeah. So sorry to disappoint you, Kylie, you know we don't come with the internet bros, Lamborghinis and Ferrari, you know (laughs) the bunches. (laughs) We don't (laughs) we don't fit that dynamic- Yeah. ... sadly, as much, (laughs) as much as I'd want a Lamborghini to just flash around with the masterminds, you know? Yeah, exactly. I know. (laughs) Yeah. That's it. Amazing. No, beautifully put. And yeah, to, to anyone that is on the fence, you know, um, Kylie's 100%, 100% there, 'cause her and Cyrus were right, really on the fence as well. And, um, you know, you guys can not just watch this interview, but there's so many other interviews that you guys can look up on to see different stories and whatnot. Um, and not just Kylie's and Cyrus', but these two are a wonderful example of, um, you know, clients that have done, I think it was done for you agencies that you tried in the past, right? Yeah. Oh, yeah. Or you tried it to set up your appointments and whatnot and it didn't work out. Yeah. And now they have complete ownership and autonomy of their appointment setting process, which is hilarious, and I say it's hilarious because, again, we haven't even tapped into all the appointment setting processes. (laughs) Yeah. Which is great. And that's gonna be the next focus. So yeah, guys, I hope you found this, um, interview super valuable. Actually, Kylie, I was gonna say, um, where can people find you and Cyrus to keep up with you? Like, with your podcast, your YouTube channel? We can put that in the description. Yeah, I'd love to. Um, so my podcast is called The Green Glow Lifestyle. Mm-hmm. And, um, it's a health and wellness focused, and just about getting your glow on, you know? (laughs) That's it. (laughs) Um, and while, you know, as a woman, I speak to a lot of women, it's also there are a lot of topics that are pertinent for men, and, you know, so but if you, if you, if you have someone in your life who needs a little glow, like, this is, you know, it's a good place to go. Um, and then we also, our, um, our business is Evolution Health, and it's, um, the website is evolution-health.co. It, we've dropped the M for efficiency's sake, you know? Yep. (laughs) And, um, um, and actually, the socials, I mean, @cyruscambata, you can follow Cyrus on @cyruscambata. He, he's available, so, you know, he has a n- newly founded Facebook and Instagram. Yeah. (laughs) We were just speaking about that. Still developing. Yeah. But he will have a YouTube. His YouTube is going to be coming out really soon. Yeah. It's Cyrus Cambatta. Love it. That's, that's the next thing we're going to attack together. I was speaking to Cyrus about that. So yeah. Yeah. Wonderful stuff. Same. Amazing. I know. Cool, guys. Hope you guys found this interview valuable. I'm really glad Kylie got to join us for the second half here. I'm gonna mark this as a part one, guys, because we've still, there's still so much more to achieve, and like I said, we're on gear two right now, as crazy as that may sound, um, because, you know, these guys have already achieved so much. But this is gonna be part one. I'm gonna do a part two. Hopefully, these guys will have enough time for me (laughs) to have the next couple of months, as I know how busy it's gonna get. (laughs) Um, so keep an eye out for part two. And, uh, yeah, if you're, you know, if you're watching this and you've yet to join our program and, you know, you're on the fence for whatever reason, you know, feel free to book a call and find out more about how we can actually help. But even before booking the call, guys, if you still need that sort of validation and confidence, this is the 118th interview that we've done. Okay? That's 118 and it's not including part two, so feel free to watch all the other interviews just to give yourself some, you know, more confidence and affirmation before booking a call, if absolutely needed. I do need to preface this with, uh, a segment of my famous outro, where, if you did want a get rich quick scheme and y- you (laughs) do, you are part of the internet bro culture, where it's like you saw an ad on the internet and you think you can get into a program and get rich overnight and whatnot, this program is simply not that. We're, we're still trying to figure, figure that out, but (laughs) we're pretty sure that doesn't exist. If you do come across that magic pill where you join a program and overnight you get rich quick, please send it my way. I am asking after, at the end of every interview to send it my way. I do truly mean that. But in all seriousness, if you're someone that's willing to put in the work, uh, listen, implement, and essentially be open to new ideas like Kylie and Cyrus was, then, uh, please do feel free to book a call, um, as we more than likely can help, depending on how your business is structured. But yeah, hopefully you found this one valuable, guys. We'll catch you in the next one. Cheers, guys. Bye.