# Gabriel: $1.5k to $25k per month in 30 months

And- All right. ... we're live. (laughs)  That's it. There we go. There we go. What's happening, everyone? I hope you guys are doing well. Welcome back to yet another client interview. Today, I'm joined by another one of our amazing clients who has been with us for a very long time, and who I recently closed in the mastermind, so there's an operator becoming a sales person. (laughs) Um, Mr. Gabriel Hoolee... Is it Hoolee or Julie, Gabriel? I never- in the few years I've known you, you haven't- I mean J- Julier, but I mean- Yeah. ... hey, French people anyway. See, I ha- I got your first name right, but I butchered the surname, so I do apologize. (laughs) But, yeah. That's good. I'll bear it, man. That's it. But, yeah, to people watching, this is going to be a great interview, um, 'cause Gabriel has done incredibly well with our program. And, uh, yeah, Gabriel, over to you, man. Why don't you introduce, uh, who you are, who you serve, and the transformation you deliver to your clients, man? Lovely stuff, man. Well, thanks a lot. Uh, I would like to preface this first and foremost that, well, I'm here because of EasyGrow, like, I think it was, like, two years and something ago that, uh, I started EasyGrow, so I joined, as we checked the records before starting this out, June 2023. Mm-hmm. Yes? And so when I started with EasyGrow, I, I was like, "Okay. I'm gonna figure this agency thing out." I was a wantrepreneur agency wannabe for years. I started when I was 17, and I got EasyGrow when I was 22, to give you an idea. So it was a question of, like, trying general agency, like got hooked up on the Tai Lopez ads, 2015 or whatever that, that was, so that's wha- how it all started. Then just got hooked on the, the thing. Tried some variations of that through high school, doing video freelance, doing some of that. And at some point, I was like, "Okay, I gotta commit to something because stuff is not working out. I gotta figure something out." And I was like, "Okay, well, I fi-" I had a few Charlie Morgan videos that I took a look at, and I was like, "Man, them looks pretty nice honestly. Looks pretty good." And I was like, "Okay, let's give this a try. Let's see how it goes." But before, I knew it was gonna be, like, high-ticket stuff. I, I was in the space where I know that I'm gonna be like, "Um, it's gonna- it's gonna cost me something, for sure." And I, I didn't have any money because I didn't have any clients that were sustaining it, so I was like, "Okay. I need to have some form of a 'business', some form of money to just at least pay for the p- program that's gonna hel- help me to learn how to get more clients." So I... It took me 90 days, I reckon, to kind of, like, go fr- actually Charlie, uh, videos for free on Mm-hmm. ... YouTube, and I s- kind of, like, did a, like, a basic DM/cold email system that I did. I think I remember sending emails actually manually from my inbox, just like doing the thing, just from free YouTube videos from Charlie, but I was able to close, I think I did like 60 sales calls. I was so bad. Closed two clients, and I was like, "Okay. I'm gonna go on a call now." So I end up going on a call with, uh, with one of EasyGrow's rep. I was closed on the payment plan because I was like, "Okay, well, uh, (laughs) I- I'm g- I'm gonna need to figure this one out, for sure." So I basically got the clients on board, but, of course, when you got the clients on board, then you got the money and you don't know how to deliver, you don't retain them well. So I basically lost a client after that, um, when I started EasyGrow, so I just, you know, basically kept doing the program for, I would say, four solid months, just to really, like, understand, okay, complete mind shift-shift. I had to do, like, to do, to handle the basics first. Mm-hmm. Did all of that. Took the time it took. I only were, was doing that, and I was like, "Okay, let's just figure this thing out." Basically spent my last dime on EasyGrow. November, I end up signing my first client. Then I didn't get another client until March, and then I think in March I signed f- I, I signed up four, and then it started going. I signed one a month, two a month, started to get some form of that going. And then, over time, I, like, you fast-forward to, I think, the next September, October, I figured any shouts, I ended the whole thing, and now, since then, I've been consistently signing more than four to seven clients a month since. Nice. And, yeah, ultimately, like, you fast-forward a few months, and we are there at 25, 30K per month, hovering over that. Nice. And considering the next steps, and that's pretty much where we are. To give some context for, uh, for the guys listening, I didn't give dads earlier, but we are in the gym niche. Uh, over time we refined to the French gym niche because we saw that those were the best clients we've had, so we refined to the French market, and that's, yeah, where we are right now. There we are, man. Amazing stuff. And just for the people watching, Gabriel, you mentioned at the end, uh, when you first started with us, how much were you, were you making on average? Pff, uh, between, uh, zero and 1.5k tops. Like, it was- There we go. ... a disaster. (laughs) Yeah, and then now, fast-forward to today, like you said, it's like 25 to 30K a month. Yeah. Between that. Okay. We hit, we d- actually 35 in September, and I just... And then, after that, like 25, 35, and I think this month we're gonna do s- 25 again. It's a lower month for the gym market. Nice, man. Absolutely smashing it. So yeah, amazing stuff. Talk to me about what specifically you were doing before, because I know you mentioned you were trying to, like, you said to yourself, "I'm gonna figure this out on my own," which is what a lot of people do, to be fair, where it's like, "Right. Let me just use YouTube, Google, whatever resources are-" Mm-hmm. "... available to them for free," right? Talk to me what specifically you were trying, um, in terms of making it work yourself which then drove you to the conclusion that you n- do need structured help. It was basically cold DM.... and cold email. But specifically, I would say the, the reason why I went and I was like, "Okay, it's not working and I need some more help around that," was the fact that there was no indications of what worked. And I mean, if we can actually go back to that- Yep. ... um, like there's a reason why actually at the time of this interview I rejoined, like, Imperium, and I rejoined Easy Grow to the mastermind at this point, so we- Mm-hmm. ... are at the next level. But just to show you that when you get people that actually are doing the R&D, testing out what works now, the price of the programs you're going to pay is going to be paid off in like ... It's going to take time to pay off, uh, the, specifically at the beginning because, like, you need to figure shit out. Y- you are not adequate to have a business yet. But when you are there, like, I know for a fact, like if I would need an update on like, "Hey, I, I, like, my cold email system is not working anymore," or, "My, like, cold Instagram system is not working anymore. I don't know what's working now as far as that goes," I just go there. I go to the source because, like, I know for a fact that this is what got me to 30K per month, and it's going to get me to the 100, 300K-per-month mark. So- Yeah. ... that was the same reasoning I had at the beginning. Like, you get stuff from YouTube with, like, two-year-old videos, kind of works, but, like, you're like, "I definitely do something wrong." (laughs) "I'm definitely doing something wrong." And you also don't see the holistic approach that it, that it is required. The thing that's good with Easy Grow, that was good when I started, and that's, is even more true now, is the entire fact that y'all, like Charlie and Beau and everyone in the team at Imperium, n- didn't let, left any stone unturned in the sense that what you didn't even thought you needed but you still need to do to get there, you're gonna get it covered. And you didn't even know it yet, but that was part of the thing that you need to handle, like handling the basics on knowing how to acquire clients, like testing, making sure you, uh, you have the brain to see, like, of course I understand that. But, like, you don't have that conclusion before you go through Easy Grow. Now I know what to look for, and I know how to do. I can see, but I, I wasn't able to see before. Yeah. Amazing, man. And it's kinda like when, when you're trying to figure out yourself, right, especially with no prior business background, it's like you're operating blind. Yeah. So it's like you're trying things, and it's not working. But even so, even then, if it is working, you don't know why it's working. And that's problematic because, right, you don't know how to scale, you don't know how to switch, et cetera, et cetera. So after coming into the program, Gabriel, you're obviously coming off of the back of trying to figure out yourself. I think you, like you told me, you had like, like two or three clients, um, that were on and off. Um, so walk me through how you approached the program and how it sort of changed everything in the early days from your offer, your messaging, getting metrics in place and stuff like this, man. Talk to me about the early days. Well, super simple. I was just like, "Hey, there is a guy that makes way more money than I do." And I mean- Yeah. ... like, l- lucky guy that I was, like Charlie and Beau actually did a gym agency program. Yep. Like, like their advice are, like, incredible for any type of businesses if you just, well, are not a pessimistic fuck and actually look for it, (laughs) I reckon- Yeah. ... honestly. But for me, I was like, "Well, lucky me, let's just go ahead and just be a dumb guy and just, well, f- just follow blindly what they taught in the program," and that's it. Honestly, I just start with, started with the fundamentals. And basically, every single waking, uh, hour that I had, I was just breathing, breathing the fundamentals. And I got to a point where I was like, "Okay, I'm starting to get it now." And when I went through that, in the meantime, or basically I was, like, listening 24/7 to just, like, like, the basics. And in my, quote unquote, like, "active time" when I was able to just, like, do stuff through my day, and I was not listening passively through just, like, the basics and the fundamentals, just really ingrain them in my head, I was building out the systems for, like, outreach, with cold email, cold DM, a lot of that. So that's kind of, like, how I went through that. So that's the early days. And after that, it took me a solid, uh, uh, like, uh, as I mentioned, basically when I started Easy Grow, it took me, like, f- three months to get the clients. Mm-hmm. Did a bunch of sales calls, by the way. Like, it took me a solid, like, uh, 20, 30 calls to get the clients, because I just- Yeah, yeah. ... also was not good at sales. Like, I, I got okay at sales, li- I reckon after, like, 200 calls. So it took me there to be, just to understand also the markets, how they react, what they do react to, what buttons to push with them. That takes time and calls. And I basically went through there. And over time, as I mentioned, we gradually shifted to the French market, because we saw, well, it's harder f- it basically worked getting, like... And actually, after analyzing the data, that's one thing that Charlie told me. He's like, "Okay, like, track the damn data. See what the fuck, like, what, uh, what's happening with your campaigns." It's not like, "Yeah, I'm getting appointments, I think. I think it's working. I'm making money. I think it's good." I took a look at the data, actually, and I compared the French returns on the French market for us and the English markets, and we thought we were getting eight times the results on the French markets, outreach-wise. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Close rate was also two times higher. Yeah. And we were retaining them, like, two to three times higher. So I was like, "Well, let's just focus on that." But I wouldn't have known how to do that if I didn't know how to track metrics, how to do proper tests, what systems to use, and just hanging on there for, like, four to six months, just barely hanging on, because I just, like, I'm, I'm gonna make this work. You know what I mean? Yeah. And all of that was given through, through Easy Grow at the time for me. So that's been, uh, very valuable for that.Yeah, amazing stuff, man. Yeah, brute force, there's only so much brute force can do. Brute force partnered with strategy, then you can win. And the strategy is- Mm-hmm. ... actually reading the metrics, knowing what to track, understanding what they're telling you, knowing when to scale, knowing when not to scale, which is something that people don't look at. Um, by having these things in mind, it just provides you with a lot of clarity. And it's like you now have control over your business, Gabriel, compared to before you joined the program, right, where if something's going right, you know why it's going right, and you can make the decision to scale it up. Or if something's going wrong, you no longer panic 'cause you just look at the numbers and you just fix it, right? Completely. And, like, I'm trying to think of a good analogy to really try to, for this person watching this video that might be, you know, starting at their first like 5K, like 5, 8K per month, just to kind of like trans- try to transmit to you the feeling that it feels like where I am now. Mm-hmm. It's clearly where, like, imagine, right now, like, when you go wake up and just, like, go, like, to wherever, like, you just go to your living room, you just walk. Like, you don't even think about walking or running for that fact. Yeah. But try to imagine now that I just snap my fingers and now you have to think conscientiously on how to walk back again. Yeah. It's exactly the same way now. It's so natural to me, the, the thinking, I just know exactly what to do, how to do, like, the intuition, it comes, like, with intuition because I learned how to think through Easy Grow. But if I get back to me, like, like, about a year and a half from, from where we are right now, I just, like, it's like I didn't know how to walk because similarly to that, if we take the analogy, I didn't know how to think. And it's just as debilitating as it is. It looks big, but honestly when it's the only thing that you wanna do is build a business, it's that, that important the gap of understanding and being able to understand. Like, I'm, like, my brain is not the same. (laughs) Now, I can see- Yeah. ... as I mentioned, I just know what to do, and I'm like, "Okay, I, like, I want to double the business. I know what to do," when before you're just like, "How the fuck can I get, like, 500 (laughs), you know, 500 bucks?" You know what I mean? And that's so, so comforting in the sense that, you know, now you have control over your life. Now you know what to do. Mm-hmm. And you feel like you actually did something. And when you've been, which I guess a lot of young guys or older guys, whoever is watching this, you know, when, when you've tried for so long and it always failed, because it always do until it doesn't, when you feel in control, it still feels surreal. It's like, for me, it's like I'm actually, like, doing this thing and I'm just creating, like, I created this entire universe of things that people like. I'm helping people out for a good cause. And it's all through what I did, and it's like, wow. Like- Hmm. ... it's super surreal, and I'm- Yeah. ... eternally grateful, honestly. Yeah, ama- amazingly put. And on that note, I had a coach who, she was, uh, coaching me about this. It's like sometimes you get a sense of imposter syndrome, where everything's going so well and you're wondering, "Oh, I'm doing this." Your identity's playing catch-up because you- Yeah. ... you, you, (laughs) you got your success, but your identity's, it's, it's lagging slightly behind. And then eventually it's like, "Oh, right, we're here." Um, so, no, that's amazing, Gabriel. One thing I wanted to touch on there, you mentioned something very important. Uh, you're able to think for yourself. Mm-hmm. So, this is powerful because with a lot of programs, right, um, they always teach use this magic script, this magic word on a sales call, this magic outreach system, or this magic DM process, and blah, blah, blah, and, you know, all this stuff, right? It's very process driven. And me and you both know there's no such thing as a magic, you know, golden bullet or whatever the saying is to get you the success you want, right? What is magical is being able to think for yourself, because that means you can come up with things that are timeless. So, if the economy changes, if, if there's changes in technology, for example, with AI or something like that, you don't panic because you're able to adjust. So, talk to me specifically about how you found acquisition genesis in your experience, because that module specifically, it teaches everyone in the program how to be able to think for themselves so that they're not a slave to scripts, strategy, et cetera, and they can basically evolve, man. So, talk to me about your experience with that. I watched it (clears throat) completely, I would say, more than three times, for sure. I might have went through, like, honestly, like, maybe, like, on certain videos that I really needed to, really needed to, like, get a grasp of, like the one with the cognitive biases, I just, like, went through that one a lot. I love this one a lot. Um, asymmetric, uh, psychological leverage, I think that's- Yeah, yeah. ... that's what it's called, something like that. So- so even, like, after, like, a year and a half, like, you can't, like, make this up. Like, I, I just, like, got the, the name. And, I mean, Charlie's good at, at gi- getting some badass names, like- Yeah. ... getting this one out of the, (laughs) out of my head. Some funky names. Indeed. But for, to get back to your question, it's the thing. Like, you can pay like 500, like maybe 300, a few, a couple of thousands of dollars to get a good script that works. Realistically, it's gonna work for, like, a quarter- Yeah. ... a year if you're re- if you're lucky. What I have now, which is this big brain over there, this big face that you're seeing, is timeless and nobody can take it away from me. And to be transparent, like, if I'm playing devil's advocate, but yeah, okay, so why did you rejoin Easy Grow, Gabriel? Huh. The reason is because I wanna go faster, bro. Um, like, okay, I just want to have the, um, basically life want- the easy way, you know? That's basically it. Mm-hmm. Instead of, like, trying to figure stuff out, I'd rather have Charlie and Beau just telling me, "Yeah, do that," or, "Don't do that. Don't bother." Like, "You already did..." And, you know, like, basically from, like, I reckon just the onboarding call we did for the mastermind with Charlie, uh, Charlie and Beau just, like, covers the course of, like, the mastermind, just like that, honestly. (laughs) Like, to be, to be quite honest. I'm like, "Okay, now I just know what to do." And basically, like, I'm a, like, do, just do the math. I'm at 30K per month. I wanna go to 100. I can comfortably go to, to 100K- Yeah. ... let's say, in the next 12 months. Like, what would you pay for that? Because I'm gonna do that this year, and the next year, and the next year, and the next year without a fail. And even more than that. So, what is it gonna be worth then? Whatever number you put in your head, well, understand that whatever investment you're gonna put with Imperium is gonna be lower than whatever you're gonna be able to get, if you follow what they, the steps they laid out. Yeah. Well said. And then it comes back to, like, what we just spoke about there, being able to think for yourself, where, for people watching, Gabriel and all the clients that you see on these interviews, they're not tied down to script, strategies, et cetera. Like, Gabriel can just adjust his script when needed, or come up with- Mm-hmm. ... a new copy if needed, because when you understand the how behind things, uh, you have full power, control, and autonomy over everything. Um, but if you're just copying and pasting without understanding what's going on, when that script stops working, you're left clueless and you're not gonna be able to adapt there. So, no, well put, Gabriel. Gabriel, talk to me about, um, when you joined the program, right, even up until now, uh, how are you currently, how are you currently generating appointments, and, you know, what-

... was the difference in terms of, uh, how many appointments you are gen- you are generating now compared to before joining the program, man? Well, uh, before the program I was generating one call every two weeks, something like that. Like, maybe, like, the off s- Maybe I had some weeks where like, "Oh, I had two calls. Wow. Damn." (laughs) "Gabriel, client acquisition master." You know what I mean? Yeah. (laughs) But I mean, I only knew that at the time. That's, that's when you get started. That's, that's fine. You know what I mean? And, um, now fast-forward to today, I mean, I don't have a week... Like, we had to cut off some... Because we actually had too much demand at some point, we actually had to cut off client acquisition, um- Oh. Yeah, but I mean, that's, that's the problem we had because, like, the, uh, I was actually... And you know, you know when, when a program is good at teaching you client acquisition when you are able to switch from having too much demand to now having to focus on being able to offer your services. Of course. Yup. Like, this is when you know that, okay, you've got something going on right, because now I basically was lacking team members to handle the demand. Yeah. But guess what? What did I do? Well, I did, took the same principles for client acquisition for talent acquisition, and it kinda worked. I got seven team members in a week. Mm-hmm. So it kinda worked. So, to answer your question, now, if I wanna turn it up, of course, like, the goal is to, like, uh, 10X basically what we're doing right now. But if I, if I basically, I just, like, take a list of emails, and to be honest, I've been lazy the, the last couple of weeks. I just take a list of emails, and I'm just like, "Honestly, those poor guys, I just send them an email every two weeks. Poor guys." (laughs) I just put out, create a new copy that I know is gonna- Yeah. ... kinda work, and I just book, like, two, three calls. Just, like, from sending- Yeah. ... a lazy email, automated it. I just, like, get calls. And I'm just like, "Oh, one or two clients, and there you go." And I just, honestly, I've been kind of lazy about it, which is why I'm like, "Okay, I need some pro- some, like- Yeah. ... higher level stuff now." You know what I mean? (laughs) That's it. No, that's super fun, man. So, it's just emails at the moment, and I know you were running DMs before, right? Were you still doing that? Emails, yeah, emails and cold DMs. So cold DMs, yeah, I mean, we've been running the, kinda like the same place since we left EasyGrow, like a year and, uh, half- Yeah. ... ago. And that, like, honestly, actually, to get back at some, some timeline in, in the, at some point, because it is gonna teach you very important points. Mm-hmm. So when I started getting some clients, as I mentioned, so I sign up a client in November. Then March, I get four, and then I get, I think, one or two in the next couple of months. But June, July are very dry for the gym, for the gym, for the gyms. Was not great at sales delivery. I had to process a few refunds, and I actually did a ne- negative revenue, not even negative profit, negative revenue. I think I was 1,300 euros in the hole for the month of June 2024, that must be then. Okay, that's fun. So me and my girlfriend at the time, now wife, we, I remember we just chook some papers, put it down on the floor, and being like, "Okay, what can we do? Like, how are we gonna- Mm-hmm. ... be able to survive this?" Because we're like, okay, if we just are able to survive, like, one or two months, we know that August is gonna come. August, the gyms are gonna get ready for September, which is a big month. And September's, with the model we have, we're gonna make a bunch of money, because we're gonna get a bunch of provisions. So how can we survive there? How can we go, uh, through that? And she just took the DM systems that were, that I was running, and honestly, we're such in a rush. I was like, "Babe, we, like, we, I need you (laughs) to get me clients." (laughs) "I'm gonna figure the email stuff out. You figure the DM stuff out. Like, we gotta figure this out." And from, like, honestly, she carried the company for the entire summer. Like, without her- Yeah. ... like, I wouldn't be here today. (laughs) And just to give you an idea of, like, I gave her a system that I just learned, and I was like y- like, worst teacher at the time. I was like, "Now just, like, do it." (laughs) "Just copy-paste that thing, do it that way." Yeah. "Fill out those tracking sheets and just do it." Like, I think she got me, like, three or four clients. Mm, that's it. And that, that, that's, that's the thing that saved, honestly, that saved our ass. And I, and to this day, like, she's the reason this company is still alive. Now, we are better, better off, obviously, (laughs) uh, finally. But, I mean, that's, um, just, that's just to showcase, like, I'm not, like, a prodigy or something, like, just, like, guy that just- Yeah, yeah. ... is, like, smart. Like, I give it to, like, honestly, like, she's a housewife. Like, she does... And she's incredible at it, but she's not, like, any savant of client acquisition. She just, like, took the system- Yeah. ... did it. Took the system. She had the will to make it work. Mm-hmm. And she listened to, like, to EasyGrow with me because she really liked the, you know, the whole aspect of how it makes you grow and evolve as a human being. And she just worked. Yeah. You know what I mean? That's it. And you, you know what's amazing about that, Gabriel? Uh, like you just said there, where your wife, at the time, she wasn't familiar with this online world and whatnot, like you said, you know? Yeah. She's, um, she's just responsible for looking after you, (laughs) the, the home and whatnot, and she's not- Yeah. ... familiar with the online world, but the system is so s- simple, right, where you are able to, (laughs) in your words, teach it in a bad way, (laughs) and she was still able to get four clients from it. And it's like- Yeah. ... wow, like, it still worked. For sure. And, I mean, that's als- and it's also true at any levels. Like, for example, now, what we agreed with, with Charlie was to build a, like, a real, quote-unquote, appointment setter. It's not just me sending a couple of emails, like, having proper cold callers do stuff. And now I just took one of my guys that I hire in, hired in the past, and in like two weeks, he's ready to cold call. Mm-hmm. But, like, not, like, just like, "Hey," like, end of the phone and be shit at it. Like, honestly, I would buy from the guy. And it's just, I literally took your script from EasyGrow- Yeah. ... translated it in French, because I'm French. Yep. To the, the EasyGrow objections and the link things.... drill them on, drill them on that. Use the (laughs) poll data systems from EasyGrow, put them on the, on that. And that's it. Just get some leads in the thing, and there you go. So, you know- Yeah. ... it's not hard when you, when, when you go through the thing. If you give yourself, like, six to nine months, and I mean, six is going to be the low end, but if you honestly be like, "Okay, I'm going to be nine-month minimum, 12-month at least," that was the thing for me. If you just give yourself the time and every single day you just live and breathe it, like, whatever those guys give you, you will be fine. Yeah. You will be more than fine, honestly. Yeah. Gabriel, do you know what I remember? I'm pretty sure this was you. You done, you, you were doing daily updates in EasyGrow for a while, and you- Yeah, 100%. It wa- Yeah. Yeah. So for people watching, this is what I mean about Gabriel, where he, he brute forced with strategy and wanted public accountability. He was literally making daily public posts (laughs) wi- with what, um, what he, what he was doing when it, for a while when he was here, and then i- it was amazing to see his progress. And one thing I specifically remember from what you said in this interview, Gabriel, is the sale side of things, where you said you weren't good at sales, and sometimes it took, like, 30 calls to get your first client, right? Talk to me about that specific evolution, because a lot of people watching this right now, they'll have the same kinda limiting beliefs where it's like, "Oh, I'm not good at this now. That means I'm never gonna be good at it." Right? Whether it's appointment setting, sales, whatever. You're someone who admitted that in all areas, you're not good at appointment setting, but, "I'm gonna figure it out." You're not good at sales, but you figured it out. Just talk to me about that mindset, man, and how you approached it to get to where you are now. Tell you what, I'm gonna give you some even more interesting context. (clears throat) So it was even harder for me because I thought I was great at sales, because I was one of those guys, when he was little, maybe your mom told you that or something like that, "Oh, like, I just talk a lot." As you can probably see from this interview- Yeah. ... I talk a lot. Me, me and you both. (laughs) Yeah. Indeed, like, you know. (laughs) And, and the thing is, I thought, "You know, I can talk a lot. I can talk my way into things, kind of." Yeah. "I'm gonna be fine." Well, lo and behold, like, like, 90 calls after that, I realized it was not quite the case. (laughs) So I was like, "Okay, I need to do something." So what did I took as action? So as Noore mentioned, number one, I was on, like, I, I wa- I wanted to have daily accountability just to showcase to the community and just to have another little reason to be like, "Hey, guys, I'm doing this thing. Just, like, roast me, whatever you do, but just, like, I'm here, and I'm doing this and just making sure, uh, like, I live..." I put all the things on my side to make sure I succeed, so I did that, daily post. I did videos and all that, talking about the progress and the stuff I did. Like, I didn't need to do that, and I don't think a- anyone in EasyGrow, from my knowledge, did it, but I just did it because- Yeah. ... it gave me an additional reason to be like, "Hey, I'm gonna figure this out." So for sales calls, it was honestly super e- easy. I'm thinking about three things. Number one, figuring out appointment booking is, I would say, the main thing, because if you have... And even sometimes, like, when I paused at client acquisition and I got back at it, like, you feel rusty after a week of no sales calls, for sure. Yeah. So making sure you get... For me, that was, my minimum was, like, two, three sales calls a week, minimum. Like, if you get that, you're gonna be fine. You're gonna at least maintain, but it's gonna make you pro- progress. So figuring that out, at least getting that going first, is the first piece, and the more you want to do, the better you're gonna be at it. Like, the more steps you do, the more you're know, gonna know, you know how to work. That's pretty much the exact same thing. Every single skills you learn to this point in life, which, and by the way, you're gonna keep doing that for the rest of your life, you did the same thing. You were bad at it. You were eh at it. Then you're like, "Okay, gotta figure this out," and then you were okay, and then you're good, and then you're great, if you want to become then to the mastery stages. It's exactly the same thing. So I did make as many appointments as I could possibly get. Second, I was on every sales coaching calls I can get. Mm-hmm. Every time. Even if it was not for reviewing my calls, just listening to what the guys were saying, just to understand, "Okay, this is how they answer questions. This is how they do role plays." And I was, every single time, I was trying to get on role plays. Sometimes, I remem- I remembered the guys are like, like, "Come on, ... already went, like, the other time. Like, get the other guys on." Like, you know what I mean? (laughs) But every single time, I had the occasion to be the prospect or the guy that was trying to close the person, I always try to be there. Just try to get, like, as much practicing as possible. Goes back to the appointment thing. And, I mean, like, that's kind of, like, the foundation of it all. I just followed the process. I just took your script. I'm using it to this day, like, just the same pro- the same process, the same scripts from the sales module at the time, and I was closing at 82% in the French market, which told me the process was so good and the product was so good that I needed to increase my price, and I'm at, I'm at 50% with the exact same script, which I'm gonna increase my price again just to make more money, and that's it, you know? Yeah. Amazing stuff, man, and it's just as simple as holding yourself accountable and doing the work and actually showing up to the coaching calls, actively getting feedback, and executing, which, which you always done and still continue to do so, so amazing stuff, man. Um, Gabriel, talk to me about how the business looks right now, man, in terms of you, your team structure, how many clients you got, and yeah, it'd be good to hear on the upside of things, about how you fulfill and all that stuff. For sure. So now, we have about, I would say, 16, 18 team members between that. I think I would say 16 is a fair, is a fair number. We have, um, so my wife that's in the business, we are gonna have a baby, uh, this summer, so the goal is currently to kind of, like, grow the business, so we don't need her to be in the business. If she wants to, but, like, it's- Mm-hmm. She's gonna be free to do whatever she wants.... after that, I have two devs that are helping us to automate parts of the businesses. That's more like a, a future investment that I'm doing just to make sure I future-proof the business with AI- Good stuff. ... diminish cost of stuff. You know what I mean? So just trying to diminish ... just automate as many things as possible to not have, like, a, a bloated team structure and just, like, processes it takes forever to do. So that's what we have then. We have currently a call center manager, I think nine ISAs. Mm-hmm. And one of them is gonna be mov- actually, one of them moved to a setter because he was such a good ISA that I just took him. I was like, "Nope, now you're gonna call gems because you're already good." So we got him there. Nice. So one setter. Probably gonna have another one or two. I've got a medium buyer/ops guy that does everything that's involved in the client delivery s- service delivery side. And two VAs, two part-time VAs. So that's, like, the team structure we have right now. And after that, I have... I (sighs) honestly, I n- I never know, but I, I reckon between 30, let's say lower end 25 to 36 clients active now, I recognize- Nice. ... at the time of this video. Nice. Perfect. And in terms of the goal, man, I, I know your goal, but why don't you tell the, the people watching, man, what's the goal and when do you aim to hit it? The goal is ultimately to reach 300K per month with more than 50% margin, dominate the French market as the reference for gem, basically, gem whatever you want, like client acquisition, talent acquisition, whatever you want. So that's the long-term goal. The goal for the next 12 months is gonna be to get to a 100K per month with similarly, like, more than 50% profit margin. Actually, when I got... I... The first thing Charlie told me in the, on the call was like, like, "I'm just gonna dump a lot of the stuff at you because I know what, what we're gonna be doing because, like, we did it. And for your goal, it's super clear, and you might be able to reach it sooner than you think-" Mm-hmm. "... in less than 12 months." I was like, "Okay. (laughs) Let me take some notes." And now we're just implementing. So that's where we're at right now. And, yeah. Yeah. That's the goal. Good, good stuff. So to people watching this, um, this is gonna be a part one, and if Gabriel's not too busy for me in a year's time, (laughs) we'll, we'll definitely get part two in. So, yeah, great stuff. We will definitely, for sure, do that. 100%. Gabriel, before we wrap up, man, I wanna a- actually touch on, uh, the mindset side of things. Okay? Mm-hmm. So how does version one of Gabriel, uh, look like compared to the version that I'm speaking to you right now? Like, what identity shift did you have to make in order to succeed? So I know that's a pretty vague question, but, like, were there any specific limiting beliefs you had that you've completely broken to now have the success that you have now? You can actually do it. You can actually go through stuff because, like, the thing is, after, like, five or six years of just, like, watching YouTube videos and, like, basically procrastinating about having a business, you're doing a lot of harm to yourself in the sense that you're like... Your brain's like, "I have the skills." You don't. "But I'm not making it a reality yet." So that fucked up my brain a lot. Mm. And now, the Gabriel you have in front of you now is at peace with his ability to do that, to have control of his life, to do good for his loved ones, while having a positive impact. Yeah. And, you know, the just-do-it thing is just so... I'm, I'm able to do it. Like, I'm... Those kind of stuff sounds cliche, but that's something I, I would think of myself thinking whenever I would be at this stage watching me saying that right now. Yup. Y- yes, but if everyone ahead of you is saying that, you might be wrong. And I would say if you are not where you wanna be now, you are wrong, because the way you interact with reality currently gives whatever the fuck you have right now. And if you are not happy with that, it means that you've gotta change something. And ultimately, you have to change to change, and you have to be kind of dumb- dumbly obsessed with it for a while. Yeah. (laughs) Yeah. But if y- if you commit to it, honestly, if you just say- Yep. Like, it's, it sounds like in retrospect from where I'm at right now, the year of, you know, struggling figuring stuff out because I have to learn stuff is the best thing I ever done. Mm-hmm. Because now I just... Now it's easy. Hmm. Not easy in the sense that, like, now life is figured out. I still want the challenge, and I would go through the next things, you go through the next challenge and do the next thing always. But now it's not the same thing that fulfills me. I was driven by fear and imposter syndrome when I was starting. Now I'm driven by peace, being able to do what I want- Mm-hmm. ... and fulfilling the potential that I'm like, "Okay, now I cannot deny that I can do this thing." And if I have to wrap this up in, like, a sentence, we went around a lot with the, you know... It's not really a sentence, but- (laughs) ... we went around a lot with the fact of like, "Hey, I'm able to do stuff now." For me, this was the thing that brought me peace. I first actually wanted to have, like, a 10, 12, 15K-per-month business. Yep. But when I actually went there, and I, and I got there, you know what I realized? I... That's actually funny. I... That, that, like, fucked me up for, like, a couple of weeks. You know what I, you know what I realized that I actually wanted? To prove myself that I was actually- You should do- ... able to produce something of value- Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. ... and show to myself that I was right. Not in like a, "Oh, I'm right," kind of sense, but- Yeah, yeah. ... like a, "You took a bet, and you can be proud of yourself for that." Yeah. Amazing. Completely resonate with that final part, man, 'cause that's a personal realization I had as well with my coach. You, you, you want, you want, like, a lifestyle-based income- Mm-hmm. ... where it's like 20, 30K, whatever, but then you actually wanna get to like 100, 200, 300K a month, not for the money, just to prove to yourself you can. And that's it. That's it. So, yeah. And an- another thing I said, I love about what you said there, Gabriel, your first answer with, in terms of the mindset shift, very simple, was, "You can. You can do it." And I think a powerful question for everyone to ask themselves, especially to people watching this who are probably having some doubts right now. There's a basketball player, his name's Russell Westbrook, and his go-to saying is, "Why not?" Hmm. So when you actually sit down and ask yourself, "Why not?" And actually go as far as saying, "Why not me?" To emphasize it even more, "Why not me?" And you actually ask (laughs) yourself that, you'll start coming.

... come up with reasons. And actually, it's unreasonable for you not to succeed. It's just in your head, 'cause the reasons you put on paper, it's actually solvable, you know- (laughs) ... as to why you think you can't achieve it. We just don't take the time to ask ourselves, "Why not me?" So, if you're watching this right now, always ask yourself why not you, and then you'll find out that actually, you're in a better place than you think you are in order to achieve what you want. So, no, well said, Gabriel. Absolutely love it. Gabriel, as we wrap up this interview, man, um, before we wrap it up, sorry, one, one final question for you specifically. Mm-hmm. So, you would have joined this ... You joined our program almost three years ago now. Like, it's two years- Mm-hmm. ... and six months to be specific. You had a call- Yeah. ... with J- Jack Roberts specifically. Shout to Jack- Mm-hmm. ... who's also a Mastermind client now, actually. The goat, man. (laughs) He's amazing. The best, the very best. Um, you would have joined that call, and he would have given you the infamous sales question. He would have said, "Gabriel, what are your goals," and blah, blah, blah, "and how would it feel if you achieved this?" Right? Fast-forward 30 months later- Hm. ... you're, you're living in the UAE. You've got a beautiful wife. You've got a beautiful baby to be. You've got full control over your business. You're at peace, and now you're operating from a place of abundance and wanting to prove to yourself that you could do what you want to do, not because you need to do it, right? You're not in survival mode. You're living. Simple question. How does it feel, man? (laughs)  A thousand times better than whatever, what, what ... Basically, whenever Jack asked me the question- (laughs) ... it's like, "Oh, seems nice." Well, imagine that feeling like a thousand million times- (laughs) Yeah. ... pretty much. Like- Yeah. ... that's pretty much it. Like, you, you would only ... And that's the thing that's gonna be hard for anyone watching this at the beginning of their journey. You will only be able to feel what I feel when you go through the journey. Oh, yeah. You cannot understand and fathom how incredible it's gonna be at the end. You just have to suffer a while. And, I mean, honestly, it's like a thousand times worth it, so fucking do it, and anyone can do it. Yeah. That's- And I firmly believe that. There we go. I love it, man. Love it. Now, as we close off the interview, two groups of people, they'll typically watch this, right? Mm-hmm. The first of which are current clients. The second of which are people that have yet to join the program. Uh, maybe they're similar to you, Gabriel, where they're probably trying to do it themselves and all that stuff before you joined, right? Let's talk to the current clients first, the current members of Easy Grow and Nevada, whatever it may be. What would your advice to be to those existing clients, man, uh, in terms of succeeding and making the most out of the program and getting to where you are, essentially? I really like the frame that, uh, Alex Hormozi taught me, is try to be the best student at whatever you do. Mm-hmm. So, I'm genuinely trying, well, like, whenever I'm in this interview, in the Mastermind, or in Easy Grow. I mean, at the time, I did it with the means that I had, mentally and physically, but I generally try to be the best student that I can, becoming the best case study of the person. And that involves, like, okay, you take that term, and what does it involve? Like, you're gonna follow the things, you're gonna stay accountable to your word, you're gonna do all of the other things, and make sure that you know you do the actions. And, I mean, it's gonna depend widely on whatever you do, but that's what I, that's what I try to say whenever I go into learn something. I generally try to be the best student that I can. Love it, man. Well said. And then for people that have yet to join the program, right, almost as if you're speaking to yourself three years ago, right? Uh, what would you say to people that are thinking about it, maybe they had a sales call, um, but they're still doing their due diligence, or maybe they've just come across our, you know, brand and have yet to book a call with us, man. What would you say to them in terms of your three years of, um, or around three years or two years working with us, man? Well, if you are still watching this video to this point, and you are hearing me and Noah having this discussion and exchanging those words, you know what to do. Yeah. Like, you, you've got ... Like, you've been going and hesitating and giving yourself reasons why it's not gonna work. As Noah said, why not? Why not? Like, like, actually, send me a message. I know he's gonna give my contact information. Actually reach out to me and give me the reasoning why you cannot. Like, go ahead, give me the reasons- (laughs) ... and you will realize pretty soon that it's fucking dumb. You're lying to yourself. Don't be so down to yourself. Like, you are hurting you. I don't know if you like it, but, I mean, I don't li- even like it for you, so- Nope. ... stop and just know that whatever you're gonna do is gonna hurt. Yeah. Like, like that phase that I mentioned, like, it's like, "Oh, um, I was at zero, and now I'm, like, at 30." Yeah. It sucked for, like, two-thirds of the journey, maybe three-quarters, honestly. Yeah. But when you are there, the immense ... Like, you cannot even understand the feeling and the achievements that you're gonna be able to do. Like, if I were to get, like, just travel back through time and just talk to old Gabe. Like, "Hey, Gabe." Because when I actually bought Easy Grow, I didn't even meet my wife. I'm gonna be like, "Hey, in three years from now, you're gonna be married." (laughs) "Like, have a baby on the way, have a 30k-per-month business." I would be like, "What the fuck are you on, man?" Bro, it's insane. (laughs) It's insane. But this is what this can happen. Like, this is what can happen. Yeah. Come at. And life is weird, man. I'm telling you, whenever you decide to go a certain direction, all of a sudden everything starts to go right. But you have to suffer, and you have to commit. Yeah. And when I say commit, it's not like, "Yeah, I'm doing it," and then the next day you're falling off. You will do it day and night, every single day until it's unreasonable for you to not basically take real care of results, and like, "Man, fuck, I did it."Yeah. And that's it. Man, so good, man. So, so good. And that reminds me of another Hormozi quote. Uh, "People overestimate (laughs) what they can do in one year. They underestimate what they can do in 10." And when I, when he first said that, it was, I think it was in his book, and I think he may have mentioned it in, in a few of his videos. But when he said that, I'm like, "Wow. Wow." Mm-hmm. 'Cause you could feel like you're losing for three years, and you feel like you're down and out, but it's like, nah, play for 10 years. (laughs) And on the sixth- For sure. ... fifth, sixth year, it, you can blow up. Like, the people watching, look at, (laughs) look at Gabriel. He's not lying. Like, (laughs) in three years, he's got a beautiful wife, beautiful baby, fantastic business, complete evolution, right, Gabe? (laughs) I, I would not even have dreamt about that. (laughs) Like, it's b- it's been like that. Like what have I, uh, I set it as far as goals and some more, and it's always gonna be that if you commit to it. And like, the, the reason why we ... Like, when we say that, it might not resonate with you what Noor just said, this Hormozi quote, but it's, it will whenever you just commit for, again, a year, a good year, like, day in, day out, you give every thi- every cell of your being to commit to do that. And if you do that, the results will tell you, and then you will be able to have that reflection- Exactly. ... and understand. Then I understand. I understand- Yeah. ... what those guys miss now. You have to commit. You have to start. 100%. And the best sort of metaphor I can compare it to is like the stock market, right? Everyone says after you put your first 100K in, that's when it starts going, you know- Yeah. ... all over the place. Like here, then poof. And it's the same when you're trying to build something. You're putting all that sweat equity in where it could be flat, it could even be down, but then (laughs) all of a sudden, on the third, fourth year, phew. And then you wonder, "Whoa, what's happened there?" It's the same thing that happened with Gabriel, where, again, through the, through the standard level, the down level, he put so much sweat equity in, and then as you just said there, Gabriel, everything came, and everything is starting to come now, um, after all that hard work you put in, man. So, yeah. And to give you a little bit more of an analogy to show you how q- quick it can go in, when the exponential curve hits, it hits hard. Mm-hmm. Like, we talk about three years. Let's talk about even less than that. Where are we? November. Let's talk about August of this year, so like, what, three, four months, like, ago? Yep. Three, four months ago, so I was still living at my parents' with my wife. Just, we were getting married th- this month. We were saving up to move here in the UAE. Mm-hmm. We're like, "Okay, we gotta save up some money. Not sure if we're gonna be able to hit it." We were able to hit the target of money we needed to save to be here comfortably. I mean, like, I'm ... Look, like, look at, like, the, the thing, uh, I'm, I'm not, like, (laughs) not spending on, like, stuff. I've been pretty lavish, to be honest. But (laughs) three or four months ago, I was living at my, at my parents' house with my wife, feeling like a total failure. And you know what the thing was, Noor? I just was like, "Okay, I t-" And it was the thing that unlocked the business for me. By the way, a little tip, do that earlier if you need to. I was like, "Tell you what, we're at 12K per month, 12 to 20, 12 or 15. Let's just double the price of what we do, because-" Oh, yeah, we sp- we spoke about that. (laughs) Yeah. Yeah. Be- because, you know, you know, 82% closing rate, I might be good, but I'm not that good. You know what I mean? (laughs) And I increase the price, and all of a sudden, we go from 12 the next month, 125. Yeah. And then you're like, "Shit." (laughs) Wa- And that was like, we were, we booked the flights for October 12th. That was like, we, we did this number at like, like, uh, September 30th, like, like, 10 days before going to the UAE. So, like, when you commit and you have to figure it out, you will figure it out, like, for sure. Yeah. Like, W- God will prove to you, like, whatever you believe in. Like, for us, God put it, the fe- the steps, uh, in front of us. We were grateful to have some great people, the Imperium team showing us the ropes and just, like, giving us the thinking to, uh, be able to have even this idea the first place. Like, you know, like, let's say I didn't went through that, I wouldn't be able to have the business acumen to be like, "Yeah, of course, increase the price. You're closing too much, dumb ass." (laughs) Mm-hmm. And I mean, that was the thing. Like, if I were not to have done that, I wouldn't be here talking to you today. So you can either talk to short, I was like, "Just think about, like, what the fuck did I did, like, four months ago? Had some beers with the boys. I did some dumb stuff." (laughs) Like, whatever you did. Like- Yeah. ... I was at my parents', man. Like, it can happen that quick if you just commit, but you have to do, like, a good year- Yep. ... and a half of, you know, figuring stuff out before that. But then it goes fast when you're there. That's it, man. Beautiful stuff. Absolutely incredible. So, yeah, Gabriel, where can these people find you, man? So, they can find me on Z, so, uh, zgabrieljulier. So if you can take a look at the way my name is written, because I'm not gonna try to spell it for you French people, man. (laughs) You're all good. (laughs) I'm just not gonna try to spell it for you. (laughs) Zgabrieljulier, pretty much. You can search it up on Instagram. You're gonna be able to find me. Uh, if you have any doubts, anything, any fears, whatever it is, like, DM me. Don't be scared. I'm not gonna eat you. I'm- Mm-hmm. I will be, like, even if you need to get on a call to chat about it, like, go ahead. Like, honestly, it's you against you, but sometimes, like, I know for a fact, like, you need someone that's further ahead than you to just tell it to you straight. Go ahead. Like, uh- Yeah. ... I'm good for it. To your success, my friend, and yeah, just, like, honestly- Yeah. ... like, if y'all, if, if y'all looking to this video, like, "What the fuck have you not bought," man, like, come on. You're doing yourself a disservice. Mm-hmm, yeah. Uh, they should be getting me as a closer for, for EasyGrow- I was just- ... and all that, man, you know? I was just, uh, I was just about to say, if you ... Guys, if you're watching this, (laughs) if, if you go to Gabriel, we haven't even hired him yet, but if some of you close, we wo- (laughs) we may bring him on board. (laughs) I mean, I mean, I paid those guys a lot, but e- like, just to give you- (laughs) ... as a testament, I paid them more than 10K. Like, definitely more than 10K. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I'm still se- uh, giving them money away. (laughs) It might be good enough. Yeah, please. Book a call. Do the stuff. You know what to do. That's it. Go ahead.That's it. There we are. So guys, I'm gonna leave Gabriel's details in the description. And Gabriel, thank you so much for being open to do that, man. Really appreciate it. So yeah, to people watching this right now, I'll end with my famous outro, which I know you'll absolutely love, Gabriel- Let me know. It could be this. ... because you are, you're a guy that's achieved... You took a long time to achieve the success, the, the right way, right? Um, and I'm not saying to people that achieved it quickly done it the wrong way (laughs), it's just I always have sentiment to people that... like Gabriel, who took very long to do it. Um, if you're watching this video right now, and you've seen what's going on in the internet, you've seen these advertisements of guys on the beach with the Hawaiian shirt who open up their laptop, and then they're millionaires overnight, and they got 100K in Stripe and all this stuff, and they close their laptop, and they have a strawberry daiquiri, and they... or whatever it's called, or like a mojito or whatever, and they sit on the beach and do nothing, and then they're trying to sell you something by saying, "You can become a millionaire," or, "You can become a six-figure earner in, in six weeks, or, you know, in one month," or blah, blah, blah. I'm here to tell you guys, unfortunately, (laughs) we, we can't help you do that, okay? I'm gonna be very transparent with you, we don't sell a magic get-rich-quick scheme where you can have a pill and overnight you're rich. Sadly, we don't do that. If you do find a get-rich-quick pill that you can have and all of a sudden you're rich overnight, send it my way, okay? Send it my way. Hey, I want it too. Hit me up, man. (laughs) Send it to Gabriel. You got, you got Gabriel's, (laughs), details on YouTube. Send it our way, okay? Now, in all seriousness, if you're someone that's watching this, however, and you're willing to follow a proven framework, a proven roadmap, and have the necessary support by your side, uh, to achieve the success that you wanna achieve, whether it's starting your own business or scaling your existing one up, and you're willing to put in the necessary sweat equity required, just like Gabriel did here, um, then we can probably help you out, okay? And the reason why I say probably is because, again, I'm not gonna say we can help anyone and everyone out, which is why a call is required. So, if you're someone that's still thinking about it, you're on the fence, uh, you're doing your due diligence, this is the 115th client interview that we've done, not including part twos, so if you still need to think about it- Oh man, what the fuck are you doing at this point? (laughs) (laughs) If you don't- if you st- if you still need to think about it, there's 114 other interviews across different verticals you can check out. Um, on the other hand, if you've just come across and you wanna do some due diligence before you book a call, honestly, feel free to watch some more interviews, but just book a call because then we can assess whether you're a good fit based off of your business model and based off of your goals, and then we can see if we can help you further, okay? But yeah, that's pretty much it for the client interview, guys. Like I said to you, I'm gonna mark this as a part one, uh, Gabriel's joined our mastermind, uh, and he was closed by yours truly. I shamelessly got to get that in again, (laughs)- Boy. (laughs) ... Gabriel. There, there we go, there we go. So yeah, jokes aside, we're gonna do a part two, uh, probably in a year's time, we're gonna do a full year of Gab- with- working with Gabriel on the mastermind, and so keep an eye out for part two. But yeah, I hope you guys found this one valuable. We'll catch you in the next one. Cheers, guys. Bye.