# Jeremy: $15k to $33k per month in 2 months

All right. What's happening, everyone? Hope you're doing well. Welcome back to (laughs) another client interview. I'm with one of our wonderful clients, Jeremy. And it's super funny 'cause just before every interview I do, I always like to speak with clients before recording to get a pulse check on, you know, their progress and whatnot. Jeremy just told me, "No, you need to start recording now 'cause I'm just gonna give you everything upfront." So, Jeremy, (laughs) take it away. Right off the rip. What's, what's going on, Noor? Thank you so much. (laughs) Jeremy Gottwals here. I have so many amazing things to say about EasyGrow, the EasyGrow and Imperium team, and of course, Charlie Morgan, holy diver. I gotta say, I've been in the agency space a long time, and it's really funny because I love how early in the trainings Charlie's like, "Yeah, you know, I don't really consider, like, experience in terms of years to be, like, that big of a deal. You know, it's not necessarily a measurement of, like, necessarily how great you are." And it's funny 'cause I've also met people who have been in the space longer than I have, and I, I see what Charlie means when he says that. Um, but, uh, wow, it's been, uh, one hell of a start to the year, and, um, you know, it, it, it's funny because actually to that point, we should be much further along. Like, like, and, you know, we, we should be much further along for what we have learned, what, for what we know, but th- there's some context there. And all of... And it's just like all of the context I have to share with you can be summed up in a, in a, in a few bite-sized pieces, which is that, you know, five years ago, we figured out how to achieve a certain degree of scale. And, you know, it's exactly as Charlie says in the Acquisition Genesis modules. We were that agency five years ago. We were that agency that had the 100K month, declared themselves kings, and then followed by a 40K month, right? And so, we... You know, Charlie talks about some raw shit that if you haven't lived it, you just listening to the modules and you're like, "Yeah, okay." But really, very, very real stuff. The tiniest cracks in your ship can cause... And y- your ship can be beautiful, like on the outside. Like, your ship can have the best team even, but the tiniest cracks in that submarine, once you start applying the pressure of spending $10,000 a week, you know, once you start applying that kind of pressure to managing a bunch of people, the tiniest cracks can totally destroy you, and that's what happened five years ago. Mm-hmm. And so, I had... Gosh, it's been, it's been pain. It's been pain, and it's been long, and it's been hard, but I have to say that, um, you know, w- we had a whole year of just like recovering and figuring out even what had happened. And, you know, and we've spent a lot of time since then, since this inci- since the events that happened a few years ago, we've spent a lot of time just understanding. And, and investing in Imperium, investing in EasyGrow and in this program has been kind of the, the necessary catalyst to take us to the next stage. And it's so wild because a- as I went through, uh, Self-transcendence and Acquisition Genesis, and by the way, I me- we're having our team take the modules. I had one of our co- you know, we had two of our... Yeah, two of our team members have finished Self-transcendence, blew them away. I told them it would. And I promised them, 'cause I told those, 'cause these guys are not on my C-suite, you know. These are not co-founders necessarily. Well, no, Bryce and my chief of staff's technically on my C-suite, but these are not like co-founders. But I'm saying to these guys who are just members of the team, "You have to watch Self-transcendence. You just, you just trust me." You know? Yeah. "The, the, the distance between where you wanna be and where we are today is, is in watching some of this content." And so, they did, and they took it very seriously. And now we've got more people. And what we've decided is just that, you know what, anyone who we want to be a part of the core team is gonna watch Self-transcendence now. Amazing. Yeah. But let's talk about like some very tiny tactical things that resulted in just some immediate improvement to the health of the business. Yeah. So- Jer- before you, before you cook, right? Yeah. You've let it rip straightaway, which is amazing. But for (laughs) people watching, right, what would, um... If you can introduce yourself, right? Yeah. Who you are, the marketing agency- Sure. ... the background and whatnot- Yeah. ... that'd be fantastic, man. Then I'm- Yeah. ... absolutely gonna let you rip it 'cause I really wanna get into this properly with you, man. Absolutely. So, my name's Jeremy Gottwals. I'm the founder of Holon or Holon Publishing, that's Holon.co, Holon.co. And, uh, we've been in business for a long time. Uh, we are an agency that focuses on helping people publish successful bestselling books and build brands and build businesses around their publishing. So- Great. ... we have kind of these, a suite of things that we do for anyone who wants to publish a su- successful book. And we used to focus on, on s- just CEOs and thought leaders, but we've had, uh, fiction authors and poets go on to invest six figures with us. So, you know, it's, it, it, i- it's not just CEOs and business leaders who invest a lot of money in a book. And so, we provide kind of an end-to-end solution for anyone who's like, "Hey, I wanna publish a book," and they wanna do it successfully. They come, come to us from idea. They could just have the idea to publish a book and our writers can help them. It's, we do hybrid done-for-you and done-with-you, so... And that's actually a big part of like the, the, the big leap that we're making right now, is in really figuring out the, the done-with-you product is gonna really just change our li- is already changing our lives, um, and the, and increasing the price of the done-for-you product. And, and I've, I've been in the agent space a long time of, you know, I've actually had multiple agencies, but this company, Holon, I started, H- I started Holon in late 2011.And actually, I was 21 years old when I started Haul On in late 2011, and, um, we, I st- you know, I was playing guitar on the street for groceries, literally like weeks before I founded Haul On. And, and now, I have a family, the company is able to, you know, generate enough cashflow to- for us to have a small team, and for it to- Beautiful. ... you know, provide a nice lifestyle for my family. So- Amazing. ... um, yeah, but, uh, big quantum leaps are happening right now, and, and it came right in, you know, r- right in the gate. You know, i- it's funny 'cause I, I waited, I hesitated to pull the trigger with Imperium, not because I wasn't sold, but because, uh, we just, we just kind of were having a tough time with li- with liquidity. We were, we were having a tough time last year. Um, actually in the middle of last year, we lost a pretty, pretty healthy amount of cashflow. We, we lost $20,000 a month in the middle of last year- Wow. ... which, um, you know, which set us back quite a bit, and so that's kind of where we are, where we were when I discovered Charlie and Imperium and EasyGrow, and, um, but I knew, I was like, "We need help." And I was like, "We need, we..." You know, and I've, I've invested in courses, and I've had other agency gurus, and I, I've d- been through all of that, and I've had other mentors, and I... But something about Ch- something about you guys, something about Imperium and Charlie Morgan just really stood out to me. The m- the messaging was just so there. I'm just like, "Okay, these guys, these guys know... They don't just know their target audience, they've been their target audience." And I could just- Yep. ... I could just tell instantly that you guys were different. I could just feel it. And, and I could just feel it. I could taste it. I could... You can taste the difference. And, um, you know, w- hilariously, I, I don't know how I, I s- missed this. I didn't, I did not expect that I was going to be spending nearly as much time as I have been in the modules. I thought I was gonna hop onto the coaching calls, and that's where I was gonna live, and ironically, it's been the opposite. And I say that is ironic because I, I fully expected that, like, you know, the coaches were gonna be the main resource for us. And, but the modules, I have to say, defeated my expectations completely, just above and beyond what I expected, so much so that I just, I can't get enough. I, I just can't get enough. And, um, but right there, acquisition genesis from the very beginning completely connec- it could just connected very deep with everything I've lived over the last 15 years, all of the war stories I have, you know, it, v- and it, but it also just made me just really take apart the entire business. It just made me take apart the entire business and my entire life, and it just made me take everything apart in a good way, and just look at all the pieces on the table. And to some extent, we're still doing that. But, but we were able to immediately, uh, look at just a couple of key things, and tweak those tiny little things, and instantly see results. One of those was very simple, just collecting more cash upfront. Like, it seems, like, so obvious, and yet, um, and yet not. And then also, double, more than doubling our minimum, our, like, our minimum offer, like our minimum entry point, like, we doubled that. Um, so our current minimum thing is, is 12K. That's our minimum thing. And we do have clients who, like, go on to invest six figures. We've, we've got a couple of those right now, one who's paying 10K a month, one who's paying 5K a month, and so that's what, what our cash collection showed for December, is that we just, we only collected 15K in December. But we collected 33K in January, and we were able to do that, um, with only a co- without... We were able to collect more than double cash in January without increasing our, like, without necessarily increasing our workload that much. So- When you joined us, Jeremy, sorry, when you joined us, from a cash standpoint, where were you at? Was it, like, was it around the 15? I, I was hovering around 20, but not consistently. So, it was 15 reoccurring, but- Mm-hmm. ... I would, I would, like, we have a lot of, we ha- we'll have, like, these... In, in the fall, we were doing these small deals that were kind of like survival mode deals, and I, those o- are, uh, have caused a lot of pain for us, and though, y- ironically, the lowest paying clients are the most, are the ones who ca- who cause the most stress, and ca- and are, and are the most expensive. The lowest paying clients are the most expensive clients. And it was like, I knew that a long time ago, but for some reason, it's, it's hard to listen to your own common sense, and coming in, right into EasyGrow, was like, "Hey, come on." And, like, one of the first things that hit me right away when I was studying these modules was just, like, we, no, we have to raise our minimum standard or we're always gonna be living in the same rut. It's like, if we don't, if we don't... And we have to be merciless. We have to commit to a direction. We have to commit to standards. If we don't commit to some baseline... And even 12K feels too, 12K feels actually too low for how much value we give for 12K. So, we, we might even take all of our done-for-you deliverables out of the 12K offer and just do the, just do the done-with-you coaching at the 12K area. Um, and, uh, we'll be talking to the EasyGrow coaches about that. But, like, we s- we sold a, that and, uh, and the, well, it's called Author Ascension, okay? And that's another thing, too, is that, like, we're just, uh, the way that our organization is thinking, as a result of these trainings, is completely elevated. And I, I dare say that while there are s- there's so many things in this program that are not new information- Mm-hmm. ... and yet, e- yet, I'm connecting with it in a way that is new. And, and I am connecting also with new in- information, but...... with new perspective, it's also validating a lot of hun- things that I've believed in the past, but that maybe, I don't know, I was like, there were still little doubts in my head. And when you get into the program, you can really s- you can really begin to face those doubts and unpack those doubts, and unpack beliefs, 'cause it really just comes down to beliefs, um, right down to even our offers. And it's exactly like what Charlie says right there at the beginning of Acquisition Genesis, which is that like, your offer is one of the most asymmetric things that you can work on. And so, we- we- we tweaked our offer just slightly. We ca- we gave it a new name, Author Ascension, that's like our minimum offer. And then we made Author Ascension Plus. So, Author Ascension is a 12K program. Author Ascension Plus is a 25K plo- program. We sold, we sold one of each in January, and we collected 12.5 from one, and we collected six grand from the other, and both of those clients are off to a great start. Um, w- you know, both of those clients are off to- off to a great start, and- and- and this month is looking to be even better, we just signed, uh, our middle tier program. We just signed a 40K deal, and we're looking to collect 10 down from that, uh, today. He has signed the contract over the weekend, uh, he was setting up a new account, so we let him just kinda take his time. Yeah. We're pretty good, we're pretty l- we have a pretty good feeling he's gonna pay. That was one where we wanted to collect half down, but he asked if he could do 10, and we're just like, "Yeah, like ten. Like, 'cause collecting ten..." You know, I'm not... Yeah, I'm never, I'm never gonna be mad about collecting ten grand, you know? And so... (laughs) It's just like, sure. But that whole thing about collec- I can already see, though, what Charlie says right there in Acquisition Genesis, if you sell a 10K thing, a 40K thing, a whatever thing, collecting half of that cash down, amaz- I can't believe I didn't just lean into that sooner. A- a- 'cause it's not the first time I've thought it, it's not the first time I've heard it, and yet listening to Acquisition Genesis and listening to Charlie, I'm just like, "Yeah, I- a- we gotta do that." Because if we're not, you know... And, and true- truly, we do, we already do too much for what we charge, and so it's like, if we're not collecting more of that cash down, we're, we're- w- it's- it- it's killed us in the past. Like, I'll give you an example, we had offered... Part of why we are just now getting to a place where we're really healthy again, and there's a lot of momentum, and we're, you know, we're- we're seeing cash start to stack in the bank, you know, ph- part of why we're, part of why we had the opposite of that reality, even in the past when we had double the cash f- even when we've had more cashflow in the past, like more revenue, gross revenue, but have had been in worse... We're better off today with less revenue than we've had in the past, but we're, but we're healthier, and we're watching the cash in the account grow, and it's because of this new, these s- committing to these minimum standards. It's also because of, like, really actually doing less for more. It's also because, like, we're optimizing differently, we're thinking about the business differently. And, but one of those things right there off the bat is like, you know, your- your- your offer is one of the most asymmetric things that you can work on, and so, and I knew it, what's funny is that, like, before joining the program, I knew that the offer was gonna be one of the biggest secrets to unlocking our potential, and right off the bat, I was thinking about our offer better, thinking about our offer differently. And even though, even though I have... Guys, I have 30,000 hours, not an exaggeration, over almost 15 years, 30,000 hours in sales calls, coaching calls, consulting meetings, with my, with my clients, with authors and business leaders, and coaches and cons- you know, with a- with my target niche, I have over 30,000 hours of consulting and sales calls, and yet, and yet, in spite of having 30,000 hours already on the phone and in meetings with these people, hopping right into EZ Grow elevated my critical thinking and deep listening skills, and it elevated the kind of questions I'm asking prospects, and elevated the way that I'm connecting with the prospects. It elevated the way, even though, like, I have, I have (laughs) you know, over a decade and a half of understanding the pain of my people, hopping into EZ Grow, they, deepened my understanding of the pain. Deep- deepened and added nuance to the way I understand the pain of the people who spend good money with us Yeah. And it, and it, and another thing is like, right away, right in there in EZ Grow, I'm like, "We need to work with a very specific type of client." And I think part of what crippled us in the past was trying to serve anyone and everyone. And working with a very specific type of client, our ha- our most successful clients, our happiest clients, not only do they pay the most, but they fit a cer- they're, they're just a d- they're, they're a different makeup of human. They're just not, they're n- they don't care about petty shit, you know? They're not obsessing over dumb things, you know? And so, really setting those minimum standards, you know, we still have some work to do on our offers, but holy diver, just the smallest tweaks have already made them better. Collecting more cash down, and then also just the way that we handle sales calls, the way that we, the, and the, and the, and then our lifestyle, so I ... Full transparency, I was already doing great things for my lifestyle before, uh, before Self-Transcendence. Mm-hmm. Um, and I actually, it's funny though, after I finished Self-Transcendence, I realized, guys, five years ago when we were f- sc- when we previously e- experienced a certain version of scale, um, if I had the lifestyle then that I have today, we probab- we probably would have come out... It would, we would've been way more successful. Like, we would, it, just like, you know- Mm-hmm. ... I- I go to CrossFit, I eat really great, I hydrate, I get great sleep. Love it. I consume very little alcohol, but five years ago that wasn't, you know, five years ago, before I had kids, it wasn't the case. Five years ago, I was, you know, a party animal, and, um, you know? And so, I- I think that it's like, my me- my message of caution, especially to young entrepreneurs who are scaling, but not just young entrepreneurs, to any entrepreneur who's scaling, is like, on the way up, it can be very tempting to just like, the- the- the- the- the temptation and the allure of a certain life, which i- is- is very tempting. Yep. You know, that kind of, that Wolf of Wall Street kinda energy of like... Yeah. And, and I would say that like, you know what? Like, I'm not saying don't dip yourself-

... feed in that. I'm not saying, like, don't get your taste to that, but do be wary that it can destroy you. It can, it can destroy your business to, to be hungover all the time, you know? Yeah. Jeremy- Yeah. One, one thing, one thing I want to touch on, and again, appreciate the kind words. Um, you guys, do anyone watching- This is coffee, by the way. (laughs)  Yeah, straight after the health talk, you know? (laughs) Put a lot of whiskey in you. Coffee. (laughs) No, je- Jeremy, uh, to people watching, Jeremy is absolutely amazing, and, uh, he genuinely just wanted the floor to just go. No, let me just talk, that's it. So incredible stuff, and one thing I want to touch on, Jeremy, is actually the, the specific problems that you had, right? It'd be g- it'd be great to go over, like, each one that you had before joining the program, and how each part of the program helped you fix that, man. Um, because you're what I'd call, and again, in 2026, I still need to find a better name, a silent shark. To anyone watching this, Jeremy just made his intro post, I'm looking at it now, in December, um, where he literally said, "Huzzah, Jeremy's intro." And then six days ago, he said, "33K cash collected for January," within three... That's, those are the only two posts he made. We did not hear from him, you know, between that. (laughs) So, I'd, I'd love to hear from you, Jeremy. Talk to, talk to us about the specific problems that you had, and then how you went a, went about using the program to fix them, without even needing- Yeah. ... help, from what it looks like, (laughs) because you weren't even using the community. Well, one of my problems was, before I was talking too much, I gotta say. (laughs)  But actually, that's, that's no coincidence that you guys didn't hear from me between those two posts. The pa- my past self, the Jeremy of the past, would have been just, like, obsessively using the community because, in, in posting in the community, I mean, because I'm a, I, I'm innate, I i- innately, I've always been a very social animal. But that's one of the things right away, that easy girl humbled me. Like, easy, you know, easy girl humbled me, because it's like, wow, if I've been in business for so long, and I'm still struggling with some very foundational things, then truly, truly, truly, you know, I need to address that, and I need to really look at that. And so, so that was kind of the, the, I guess, the, you know, the, the pill to swallow at the end of last year, at the end of 2025, was, "You know what? There are some things that I'm great at, but there are some profound weaknesses that have stunted my growth." And, um, it, some of it comes down to process, some of it comes down to systems. But some of it is as simple as charging more. Like, I- Mm-hmm. It just, it, it seems, sounds so trite, 'cause we say it a lot. But it's like, if you don't commit to a certain stan- if you know you're r- if you're really good at something, if you're really good at what you do, it, it, it's, like, it does not benefit us, does not benefit you, to charge less than you know you should be charging. And, you know, e- when things got h- hard at certain points, you know, we, we lowered that minimum standard. And I think, I think if I go ba- if I could go back in time, I'd say to Jeremy of the past, I'd say, "You know what? Like, it's better to not have any money than it is to take on a client who you know is gonna be a pain in the ass for way less money than you should be charging them." Because, and so that, just right there, that one little piece right there, has made an instant imp- an, an, an instant difference in our quality of life over here. Like, an instant difference in quality of life, just instantaneous. Just that one shift, that one little piece of just, like, "You know what? Like, I know what the..." Committing to a standard, committing to a direction. That's another thing, too, is that, like, committing to a direction. Saying you, s- I said to my team, "We're going to have very locked-in focus this year, and you're gonna..." And anytime I try, and I told my team, "Any time I try to deviate from that focus, you're gonna help, you're gonna be like, you're gonna help me. We're gonna hold each other accountable." Because it is very tempting, especially, like, when a week, literally the week that we said, "This is the direction we're committing to at the start of January," like, there were things buzzing, f- opportunities buzzing, you know? Opportunities, I was like, "No, we're gonna say no to those things. We're gonna say no to those things that are buzzing. We're gonna say those are distractions." And that's another thing, too. Like, literally, g- g- getting into this program, it, it, I'm not, it didn't just fundamentally shift certain prin- certain ways of thinking in the business. It didn't just fundamentally shift certain ways of thinking about the business. It, it also fundamentally shifted the ways that I'm thinking about my reality, in terms of how I spend my time, in terms of how I think about where my en- where I put my energy, you know? Because that, that stuff right there matters so much. It ma- it matters, it, it matters sometimes more than your, your ad copy. Now, we d- we're not running paid ads right now. That's not where we're acquiring our clients. But, like, but, like, i- just as an example, like, more than your ad copy sometimes, like, actually not sometimes, like, the way we live our lives matters more than... (laughs) You know? It's, uh, in terms of client acquisition. So, so right off the bat, like, just thinking more critically about... And so, so that's, so that's why you didn't even hear from me much in the community, because it's just, like, I needed to focus. I needed, like, the p- past Jeremy would have, you know, been very social, and, like, and I, 'cause I am very social. But, like, it's funny, I'm going through a season of, like, being less social so that I can focus on what really matters, which is b- building this dream, this vision that I've had forever, building this company into a successful machine, and, you know, and, and creating that market of one. And that's another thing right there. Just jumping right into Acquisition Genesis.... really, was just the gentle nudge I needed to say, like, no. Like, I haven't spent 15 years in my niche to not come out the other side of- of working with Imperium to be- to... I haven't done that, to do that, to not build a market of one. And what I mean by that is, like, Charlie says right there in Acquisition Genesis, it's like, "Hey, like, you just gotta co- commit to a niche." And boy, let me tell you, I've committed 15 years, and I can tell you that with- with the mechanisms and processes... 'Cause it's the processes where we were weak. And right there in Acquisition Genesis, I'm already thinking about process differently, that I'm already understanding the- the reason we have grown so slowly, and how- and our growth has been stunted in the past, is because of complexity creep, is another one of the reasons. Complexity creep and changing offers, and, like, but when something works, you keep doing it. And that's another thing too. In the past, we've had things that worked, and then we, like, changed it for whatever reason. Or, like, we've had things that worked up to a certain point in the pipe. And so right there, where it- with Charlie mapping the pipe, um, in terms of, you know, the system, all the- all the systems in the pipe, and all the micro subsystems in the pipe. You know, again, back to the cracks in the submarine. The tiny little subsystems in your pipe, y- you know, half of your pipe can be doing great, you know, but downstream of that, if you've got little cracks, eh, little bottlenecks that are- that are choking the system, then- then it can break the whole pipe, you know? And- and- and- and in the past, like, in 2021, we figured out how to get a lot of appointments, but it was like trying to capture a waterfall with a jar. Right. And so now... And so coming into Easy Grow, it wasn't even necessarily our problem that we didn't know how to get appointments. It was a lot of other, really, actually quite foundational things, um, that, eh, you know, but even right down to offer, you know? Even right down to choosing a- a- a direction, and choosing, like, eh, you know, choosing new standards, you know, belie- Yeah. ... and holding ourselves to those standards, and- and really committing to those standards, and being fierce about committing to those standards. And, you know, not- not letting ourselves, uh, be- be sidetracked, you know, not breaking our focus, uh, to- to things that just don't serve the- the greater mission. Touching on- Yeah. ... touching on that actually. Yes. Yeah, that's a, that's- that's a- that's amazing point you raise, because so many people in this space, they're always looking at, you know, the- the magic script, the- the magic- Mm-hmm. ... you know, niche, the magic this, the magic that. From your experience being in the program and whatnot, right, how important are those foundational elements, and doing the basics, and getting the basics right, and actually, you know, understanding the, um, the why behind the how, right? Because, again, and this would be great coming from you, because you- you have a wealth of experience. Because most people who look at this, especially beginners, ironically, and they'll say, "Oh, this is just baby stuff. We don't need that. We need the magic script, and this and that." But how important were those f- fundamentals to your success that you've had so far in such a short space of time, man? I love everything you just said. Co-... And- and this is what I told my team too, 'cause w- literally my chief of staff is a former agency owner that ha- at one point he had a pretty- an agency that was doing pretty okay. Um, right there, what you just said, about coming in and feeling some resistance of- to, like, "Oh, man, this is just baby stuff. This is, like, this is all, like, fundamental. I need that script." Right there, th- that resistance, I- I almost felt a tinge of it, of, like, "Man, is this gonna be review?" I did feel some resistance at first. I was like, "Is this gonna be review? Like, do I need to watch all of these videos?" And I am so glad that I leaned in, and it was that moment of humility I was telling you about, that moment of humility of, like, "You know what? If I've been in the game for as long as I have, and I'm not already at eight figures, then truly, I need to sit with this stuff." And I- that's... And so that's- that's big right there. And understanding the why behind the how is everything. Because the way we think will determine the outcomes of our business. The way we live will determine the outcomes of our business. And I already kinda knew that coming into the program. But when I leaned into the program, leaned into the fundamentals, I've been rewatching those things. I've been, I... Rewatching tr- modules from Agi- uh, Tr- A- A- Acquisition Genesis, and I'm gonna rewatch Self-Transcendence with my wife. I've been rewatching that content just so that it, like, really clicks in my brain. Because there is... It's exactly like you said, there is no magic script. And funny enough, we thought that we had found one. In 2021, we found a script. We have- we found a mechanism. We found a magic script. And it did unlock hundreds of appointments for us. And guess what? It also broke the business. It broke the business because we- we didn't have s- a lot of key things right, and right down to our offers. Like, we didn't have a lot of key things right in the business. And so it's like, there's- there's a lot of a- guru bros out there, a lot of agency bros out there, will preach the- they'll preach the gospel of, "Yeah, bro, just go close deals, bro. Just go drill- close deals and collect cash, and just you worry about the rest later." And, like, a- a smidge of that... You- you need a smidge of that just to get going, right? But, no, like, w- th- that- that isn't the mindset. That isn't- that isn't the mentality. Like, that- that isn't- that isn't the way. It's like- it's like if you in- in... I know, having drank that Kool-Aid. I dr- I drank that Kool-Aid of, "We're gonna go in and we're gonna close deals, and it's gonna be all about sales, and fuck the rest, we're gonna figure it out along the way." And, like, a little bit of that is healthy, but too much of that, and you can really create a disaster. And so I- h- I'm fortunate to have been blessed with a- a- a- a- an intense amount of suffering before coming to the program, such that the moment I start listening to the program, I'm like, "Yep, yep."... everything Charlie's saying, yep, checks a box, checks a box. And then he gets to a point, and I'm like, "Oh, and that's why." And then he gets to a point, and then he's like, "Oh, yeah, and that's why." And then, you know, another thing you said there, it's like, niches, man. Every niche is broken, and every niche- Mm-hmm. Yeah. ... is beautiful. Every niche sucks- Yeah. ... and every niche is beautiful. I had a guy call me few weeks back, he wanted to know what he should do. He was in another thing, and he was, like, struggling, a- and I'm just like, he, he, I just knew him from another agency community. And th- and this guy was like, "I don't know, man, I've got, like, my HVAC and my real estate, and I don't know, I'm thinking about jumping into what you're doing." I'm like, "Whoa, hold on, like, what's wrong- (laughs) ... with your HVAC? What's wrong with your HVAC?" And he's like, "Well, I don't know, just everyone in HVAC is broke." And I'm like, "Well, hold on a second, ev-" The grass always looks greener on the other side. Yeah, and grass always looks greener, yeah, because it- Yeah. ... 'cause as Hermosi said, it was, it was fertilized with shit. The grass looks greener because- Yeah. (laughs) ... it was fertilized with shit. That's it. It always true. It's al- so every niche- Right. ... and so, like, literally, if you're watching this for the first time, and you are just now... You, and you're trying to figure out what niche to go into, just know, all the niches suck, all of the niches have broke people, all of the niches have rich people. I know, because I'm in the book publishing niche. No one would think in the world that that would be a niche that has rich people, and yet, you know that's not true, because Hermosi has spent millions of dollars on his books. And I know that's not true, because I've had fiction authors spend six figures with me. So, like, but you talk to, you go out in the general public to the modern civilians, and you say, "Yeah, I own a publishing company, publishing agency," no one is thinking that authors are gonna spend that kind of money. And the other thing too is that, like, you know, so, so if you wanna talk about broke niches, like, I can talk all day long about broke niches. And I can tell you that the brokest of the broke niches still have rich people, all of them. They all have rich people that y- you know, 'cause if... A lot of people watching this probably wanna sell to rich people. And guess what? They all have rich people. Every niche is gonna have rich people. That's right. But have you done the work? Here's, here's something for the n- here's something for the agency owner coming up, or, or, or any business owner coming up. Have you done the work to be able to charge rich people prices? Yep, exactly. Have you suffered enough to charge rich people prices? That's, that's a big thing. That's a big thing. 10 years ago, I wanted six-figure clients, and I tried desperately to get them. And I thought that all my problems were gonna be solved when I got them. And, you know, it, it wa- I didn't get my first six-figure client until 2021, you know, so... And, and 10 years ago, in 2026 and 2025, I was trying to get six-figure clients. I didn't get my first six-figure client until 2021. That's crazy. And, um, so anyways, I'll hand it back to you, Nour. No, that's it. J- Jeremy, you're, you're absolutely cooking. Like I said, this is a one-of-a-kind interview, and, um, it's absolutely amazing to see how much the program has really positively impacted you. Um, because, yeah, typically, (laughs) whenever we don't hear from a client, we're like, "Yo, what's going on?" (laughs) But then you came, this was the, (laughs) you know, this is wonderful. It's a beautiful surprise, because again, we're like, "Yo, where's Jeremy's post between the intro and the win?" So, that was so amazing to hear it in more detail from you, man. And I know for a fact that the people watching are gonna find a lot of value from it. Jeremy, question for you. And I know you briefly touched on, on it, you know, j- just now, but it'd still be relevant to a lot of people watching, um, from the community. You know, typically, right, um, as we sort of close this off, two groups of people watch the interview. The first of which, current clients, the second of which, people that have yet to even purchase the program, okay? I wanna start with the current clients. And I know you already dropped some gold and advice with them throughout, but to current clients, uh, in EasyGrow, what would you say is the best piece of advice you can give to them in order for them to succeed? Stay humble, take it slow. I mean, it's not what anybody wants to hear, um, because w- I know that when I started the program, I wanted to move really f- It's hilarious, actually. Because all of December, we slowed things down. Like, I'm dead serious. You wouldn't think that. You, sometimes you go faster when you slow down, and that's literally what we had to do, that's literally what we did. I hopped in, actually, in, in November. I didn't make my intro post until, till December. But I think it was the last week in November. Yeah, it was, like, the very end of November that I signed up for EasyGrow, and when we joined, we were in a dead-ass hurry. We're, because it was like, I had two people that I, I've been on my payroll for a while, that, you know, I'm just like, "All right, I gotta bring in more cashflow, or I'm not gonna be able to keep these people." And, like, they don't cost a lot, but, like, uh, as you saw, in December, I only collected 15K. So, to have two other people on my payroll- Mm-hmm. ... for the business to only collect 15K is- Yeah. ... pretty abysmal, right? To, 'cause when I've got a family to support. And so, all of dec- like, but literally, December, like, all of December, I was like... I, I came into the program expecting the, to, to be moving really fast, and then it was the opposite. And I, because at, right after the first, like, hour and a half of ch- of videos, I was like, "Okay, I got it." And I was like- Mm-hmm. ... "We need to, we need to take our time." (laughs) And I told the team, I was like, "Guys, I know we're all in a hurry. I know we're all feeli- I know we've all been feeling it, but..." And I said to Jason and to, and to Bryce, and I said, "Guys, we gotta, we gotta do, we gotta slow down. Like, we gotta slow down and really listen to this stuff, really take it in, really think critically." And so, December, literally, I, December was such a chill month, i- in a good way. Like, w- in a sense that, like, we just, we just listened to the trainings, but we didn't just listen, it wasn't like passive listening, it wasn't like passively binging content. We were like, it was, it was hard. I mean, it was hard work. It d- it's, uh, you don't think of watching a training as hard work. But it was hard work, because I was also doing the work, and my notebooks are full, you know? My notebooks are full of good stuff. And, and I was doing the hard inner work of, like, really, like, asking myself the hard questions, starting right with the beginning. Like, like, the, the, from the very beginning of the trainings, I was like, asking myself, "Am I in the right business? Am I in the right vehicle? Am I in the right niche? Do I have the right offers? Am I focusing on the right subset of the niche?" And so, like, I'm asking these really good questions, but I'm also asking myself, "What have I ... Where have I failed? Where have I failed that my numbers are not way higher than they are? Where have I failed, where have I gone wrong?" And, but then also giving myself a little bit more grace in that, which is like, "Well, no, in some areas, I just didn't have the tools." And then here's EasyGrow giving us the tools. So, to, to anyone just, like, starting out in this thing, in this program, or anyone in this program, just like, slow down, stay humble, take your time, it's okay. Like, I really felt like Charlie gave me the permis- almost, it's almost like Charlie... I didn't need Charlie's permission, but it's almost like Charlie gave me the permission to take my time...

... write in Acquisition Genesis, when he's talking about like, yeah, like, you know, these goals don't necessarily have a time, you know. Like, they, they, like, you know, you, you... And it's like, I've already spent all this time. Mm-hmm. But then also hearing, it's like when you focus on the right asymmetries, when you focus on the right leverage points, like you could liter- and as you've seen, as you, as, as I've proven, all of December we just took our time. And then January, it was just like, boom. Yeah. And because we focused on the most asymmetric stuff first, okay, tweaking our offer and literally just the smallest little things, the smallest little things, yet the most asymmetric things, tweaking our offer, the way we're te- speaking to these prospects, the way we think about how the offer is fulfilled. Mm-hmm. You know, the way we think about how much money we have to charge for the offer in order for it to be fulfilled comfortably. But also the way we have to think about being just a little bit uncomfortable in terms of like, the offer has to be sexy enough that they feel stupid saying no, right? So, we, we, we, i- we tweaked it with just the slightest bit, which is like, "Hey, you know what? We're with you until you achie- we, you achieve this result." It's basically like the results we basically put into our offer now- Nice. ... are forcing us to have skin in the game without it being a deadly liability, which is really nice. And so we've... But with that, well, with it being just enough of a liability that if we weren't to succeed in our mission, that we would feel it. But, but because we've already d- been doing it a long time, we know. Like we, we're making an offer that we know we can fulfill. We, uh, w- that, you know... Actually, we're making an offer that we know we have the ability to fulfill blindfolded with our hands tied behind our back. But part of that too is the asymmetric leverage of inside of the Done With You program, making sure the clients have to have- Yeah. ... more responsibility. So that's an interesting thing too, you know? Yeah, go ahead. Get it. I was gonna say, Jeremy, last question for you. And this one, (laughs) this one w- will end on a bang, right? Because- Mm-hmm. ... it's qui- quite, it's quite interesting here. As is, it'll almost be like you're selling back to yourself. What would you say to someone that has yet to join the program and maybe they're on the fence, maybe they wanna think about it, or maybe they, similar to you, right? They've probably taken a ton of other coaching and they've probably come across, you know, the ads and the YouTube and thinking, "Oh, what's different about this?" What would you say to someone who's not inside it yet? Just, just join. Just sign up. Just do it. I- y- and, and you know, i- if you're on the fence and you're not sure if, you know, Imperium or EasyGrow, uh, is for you, I can tell you right now that, um, you know, I, I've been in other agency programs. I, I've, I've invested in other coaching communities and th- this is j- it's, this is just different. It's just not... It's, because... And it doesn't just give you the tactics. It, it, it helps you in the very deep... It helps your soul. Like this, this program, it's like cross... It's like better than CrossFit for your business. Like if you imagine, like if you imagine like having like CrossFit for your business, it's be- it's even better than that, because it's like you get the structure and you get the, you get the disciplined trainings of, of the, of the structure and the tactics, but then you also are faced with a very foundational, uh, look inside of, are you even in the right business? Should you be in the business that you're in? What business do you really wanna be in? Is this the right... You know? And then you're... So if you're on the fence, you know, I, I can understand why, but, uh, y- you will thank yourself, you know, to, to make this investment in yourself. I... And you know, and I'm not being paid to say this. (laughs) Like, this is, this is very real shit. Like, I'm so- Yeah. ... thankful, I'm so thankful to myself that I took the risk. And, and I was very cash-strapped last year. I was very cash-strapped, and today I have more cash in the bank than I have ever had actually. Like, like no, no fucking cap, as the Gen Zs say. Like, we, we... That's another thing too. I don't know. Something that Charlie said about like, hey, like, he said something about when, oh, he would like let his account slip below 10K and then like he wouldn't let his account slip below 10K. We finished, we finished Janu... We had a bunch of bills at the start of February, but we finished, we finished January with like 45 grand in, in the account. Nice. Just in the account. That's not... That... And I... So th- that's not very much money in the grand scheme of things. But for me, coming from the Midwest, having struggled in business forever, that I've never just closed o- I've never closed out a month with just like 45K just like in liquid before. Just like, that's never... That, that... And to some of you, you're like, "Wow, only 45K?" But like, no, like that's crazy for me. Like that's a huge quantum leap considering the middle of last year, my accounts were overdrawn. And I, we aim to close out, you know... We've increa- our expenses have increased just marginally, but we, we're looking to close February with more cash than we started, you know? And so like, like, eh, I guess all I can say is like, i- if, if, if you don't take the risk on yourself, then who should a- any- why should... If you're not willing to take the risk on yourself, why should anybody else? Yeah. If you're not willing to invest in yourself, why should anybody else? Mm-hmm. And so it's like, it... And Charlie and the Imperium team have set it up in such a way that you literally can't fail. It's like the, the, the offer outcome is so great. It's like literally you get 5K and your money back f- if you fail. It's like (laughs), it's like you're... It's just to- it's just dumb not to try. It's like what... It's like (laughs). So it's like you really can't, you can't say no to that. And it's proof. That's it. It's proof in the pudding. That's it. There we are. Wow. What an ending. Guys, Jeremy's only been with us, it's only been two months, Jeremy, from what I can see. So I'm gonna mark this as a part one. I know for a fact- Part one. ... Jeremy has more, uh, to say. Oh, there's more. I know he does. And yet it's gonna be good. Okay? It's gonna be good. So please, uh, keep a lookout for part two of Jeremy. Again, it's only been two, in two months. I'm gonna stay in touch with Jeremy. Hopefully he's gonna have time for us to do a part two, because like I said, he is part of the silent shark crew, who don't say anything in the group and they smash it with the program and then they pop up (laughs) out of the blue. And we absolutely love it. So listen, guys, keep an eye out for part two. Um, Jeremy, where they, where can they keep up with you, man? Obviously you're Hold On Publishing, but do you have like social media? Jeremy Gotwals. Uh, just Jeremy Gotwals. Jeremy, J-E-R-E-M-Y, Gotwals. Gotwals like the question, got walls, but there's one L. G-O-T- (laughs) ... W-A-L-S. Yeah. Jeremy Gotwals. Yeah. That's it. And there's no way of framing it. There we are. Gotwals. That's it. Yeah. Cool. Guys, be sure to keep up with Jeremy. Um, like I said, you can, you can even interrogate him and say, "Hey, are you a paid actor?" I can assure you, he's, he's (laughs), he, I- No. I'm sure you could tell that none of this was scripted. (laughs) They have... I have paid and I will happily do it again. (laughs) (laughs) That's it. There we are. All right. Guys, take care of yourself. We'll catch you in the part two. Mm-hmm. Cheers, guys. Bye. Rock and roll. Yeah.