# Jordan & Melanie Suber: $21,000 in 4 weeks

Okay. What's happening, everyone? Hope you guys are doing well. Welcome back to yet another client interview. Today, I'm joined by a wonderful pair of our clients, a power couple, Jordan (laughs) and Melanie, who have absolutely, uh, smashed it with our program, uh, in such a short space of time. And this interview, immediately, I'm gonna label it as a part one because (laughs)- (laughs) ... these guys haven't even gotten through everything. And, uh, yeah, for context, they've only been with us for four weeks, and they've achieved, um, you know, such great results. So, uh, Jordan, Melanie, it's great to have you here. Obviously, I'm familiar with who you guys are, and we've obviously, you know, gotten to know each other in school and all that good stuff. But for the people watching the interview right now, uh, why don't you introduce, uh, who you are, uh, who you serve, and the transformation you deliver to your clients, guys? Yeah. Well, thanks for having us, first off. I'm Jordan. This is my wife, Melanie. We help agents grow their businesses by adding 200 new clients to their bottom line every three days through social media without open houses, cold calling, door knocking. Internet's super outdated, and we actually did it first. We're from the top agents in all of USA. We got $25.4 million dollars in new business in under 70 days, all for free through social media, and now we're kind of like productizing our knowledge into a program, helping them grow their business, how we did. Yeah. Amazing stuff. And Jordan, why don't you tell the people watching how long you've been here and the, you know, the amount of cash you've managed to collect so far. Yeah, so we joined four weeks ago. Um, caveat, the first two weeks, obviously, is like trying to learn the system, watch the programs, doing the mindset stuff. In the last two weeks, we got over $21,000 from clients. Yeah, amazing stuff. And to people watching this, Jo- (laughs)... Jordan's caveat saying, "Yeah, it's two weeks to watch the mindset stuff," and whatnot, usually it takes too much- (laughs) ... people two months, Jordan (laughs), so you guys are- Wow. Believe it. (laughs)  ... you guys are fast-tracked. So yeah, that's absolutely incredible. So Jordan and Melanie have literally collected $21,000 in cash within two weeks of actually launching the systems, uh, which is absolutely fantastic. And, uh, that's the reason why I say this is going to be a part one, because these guys have yet to scratch the surface (laughs) of the program and have ye- you know, achieved such great results, which is fantastic. So that's absolutely amazing. Um, b- before you even joined the program, guys, what drove you to jump in to begin with? Like, you know, what problems were you facing perhaps trying to come up with this program on your own? Or, you know, did this program give you motivation to start off something of your own? Talk to me about what drove you to actually join the program to begin with. Yeah, good question. We knew we wanted to create an info product from our business. We, like Jordan said, got a lot of success ourselves. And just being in real estate, it's very obvious how many other realtors are struggling, so it was two parts. We felt like we had this golden solution that we had to share with people because- Mm-hmm. ... you know, we... Before we figured out our systems, we were struggling, and we wanted the leads, and then we found it, and it changed our whole life, it changed our whole business, so we knew we wanted to teach other agents how to do that. We weren't sure... First, we started low ticket, then we weren't sure about high ticket. We didn't really know- (laughs) ... how to structure it. Mm-hmm. And we definitely didn't know how to find clients, and that was really where we wanted to join Charlie's program. We had watched him on YouTube for a while, and, uh, his promise is very (laughs) enticing. (laughs) And we knew that w- he could help us, and we've always invested in mentors in the past. We've gotten a lot of success from that. We are big believers that it's the fastest shortcut- Mm-hmm. ... and, you know, people... It just collapses time. Charlie is obviously a very hard worker. He's figured it out. All the coaches that he's hired- Yep. ... are very smart, so why wouldn't we get their help when we, you know, going back and forth, "Should we do this offer? Should we do this? Should we send this DM? I don't know." And then it's just us trying to figure it out, but we knew there were experts that already had the solution, so that's why we joined. Yeah, that- that's a great way of putting things, Melanie, because I think, um, a lot of us naturally have pride, where it's like, "Oh-" Mm-hmm. "... I'm gonna figure out myself," and then you- you try and go on YouTube, and you look at the free content, you try and go on Google, and like you said, you're- you're kind of stuck in analysis paralysis. Like, working hard isn't the issue. Mm-hmm. Your attitude isn't the issue. It's like the issue is you don't know what direction to take. And, um, for someone like you guys and for someone like a lot of successful people, time is genuinely money, and you're just- Mm-hmm. ... burning time, and, uh, yeah, it's funny because, like, it's even the smallest things, like recently, I learned how to swim, and before hiring a coach, I was (laughs)... I was about- about to go on YouTube and whatnot, and I'm watching these videos- Mm-hmm. ... I'm thinking, "Man, this is... this is impossible. Like, I'm not..." (laughs)  (laughs) "It's going to take me forever." Like, "Let me just pay- pay my coach at the gym." So now it's the exact same thing here, and I- and I absolutely love how you put it there because you just save so much time. So up- upon joining the program, guys, like, from day one, right, talk to me about how you approached things because, uh (laughs), like I said, you've only been here four weeks, and you've smashed it. So what did day one look like to get things going- (laughs) ... to get the acquisition side of things set up? Talk to me about that. So day one was us diving into the mindset part of the program. We have full-time nannies, so we had our babysitter watch our baby, and we would just, like, lock ourselves in a room and consume the whole mindset course, I think, in like the first four to seven days. Like- Nice. ... nothing else mattered. Our whole business was on pause. Luckily, our team handles all our deals, so we're still making- Mm-hmm. ... money from our real estate transactions. We just did that. Next...... five to seven days. We watched in the course section, dived into the DMs and the outbound strategies, and from there, we just spent all our time doing outreach- Mm-hmm. ... finding clients, taking stuff we got from you guys and like, okay, the email strategy is have 20 accounts, do this, do that. We did the same thing, but with DMs. Just have- Hmm. ... five accounts, do the same kind of strategy, get more DMs every single day, and then by doing that, we got more calls booked, you know. And I love sales, so- (laughs) ... that's the fun part of it for me, is closing these people and you lock them to our to our offer we have now. Yeah. Beautiful stuff. Sorry, Melanie, go ahead I will add, we, we wanted to start with Instagram and Facebook DMs because our system that we teach real estate agents is very similar, and we, you know, our process was, like, split testing that for our business for real estate, and once we cracked the code, it was like, oh my god, everyone is replying. And we, this is why we joined the program and we trust Charlie and his scripts are good and the Trojan horse is good Mm-hmm. And for those watching that don't know, you'll just have to join the program and figure out what it is. Um, so the flow just al- all of it just worked, and then we were booking calls and Jordan closed them. Yeah. Beautiful stuff. There we go. So Jordan, Melanie, uh, talk to me about the, the mindset stuff because, uh, it's Acquisition Genesis, right, that big, monster of a module (clears throat) And, um, (clears throat) there's a lot of content to go through this, you guys know. But how important was that module to your success? Because with a lot of programs, right, they'll teach you the what when it comes to the magic script, the, the magic tactic, the strategy, but they don't teach you the how and they don't teach you the understanding. And when you don't have the how and understanding, you can't tweak it to your industry. It's like- Mm-hmm. ... you, you can't make it economy proof and whatnot. That entire module, it pretty much makes it bulletproof. So, I'd love to hear your perspective on how you found that module specifically and how it helped when you did get to the part of actually launching your outbound and whatnot. I think f- for us, really understanding how many steps it take- Yeah. ... to actually convert people into clients if you think a longer time horizon. And that you gotta be a human and a marketer. I think a lot of times most people are just marketers or just salespeople, and only thing they're thinking about, like, "I'm going to follow the script and do this." But you can't do that- Yeah. Hmm. ... 'cause, like, everyone's different. You need stimuli, you watch that in the course. You need to have a certain process and flow and understand, like, who you are as a person, why you stopped doing things, why do you need the stuff in the first place, how to count them all together. And for us, I know it's like, this is really long to watch- Yep. (laughs) ... but Charlie is really successful. I'm gonna watch the whole thing, do all the assignments, don't skip anything. And for us, I think last result was almost more powerful. We actually slept on it, thought about it longer, and now, oh, you know, we should do this thing 'cause, like, he said this stimuli and this thing works this way, this. For us, we build on top of that, it's gonna happen for us as well- Mm-hmm. ... in our new endeavor. So more like a domino effect the longer we did stuff- Yeah. ... the longer we thought about it. Yeah. Perfect. And that's, like, the, the most powerful takeaway you can have from that module, where it's like you start to look at the things that we teach, right, but you formulate your own opinion. Mm-hmm. So you may look at something that we also created in the outbound module and you go, "Actually, because I'm in this niche, I can, I need to say it this way or I need to add this step and whatnot." Um, or even when you get advice, right, guys, from coaching calls where, you know, Jordan, maybe me and you speak on a coaching call. I say something, I give my view, but then because you, you guys can think for yourself from the module, you go, "Actually, no, in this space, it's different, so we'll probably do it this way." And it's like, great, (laughs) amazing. You- Mm-hmm. ... you're able to think for yourself and on your own feet, as are being s- as opposed to being so rigid and, oh, it has to be- Mm-hmm. ... you know, this way and that route and whatnot. So, yeah, that's fantastic stuff. In, in terms of getting the appointments, guys, um, was it just DM sorcery that you ran for the, for the past couple of weeks? Or w- what strategies were you doing? Yeah. No, just DM sorcery, following them into the Trojan horse, and then adding the VSL. And I think that system works so well because, like- Yep. ... in real estate, I would send my DM, power the Trojan horse, but then have a whole back and forth, convert them, and then have a meeting with them. This was, like, cool. It's like a one-sided conversation- (laughs) ... where it's just them liking my stuff or find my thing (laughs) ... like, click, call happened. Like, this is so easy. Do, do, do, and now we're done. It's pretty seamless. (laughs) Yeah. We've both been very active on social media in terms of, you know, we have followers that are in our niche already, so that- Ah, perfect ... was also easier to, you know, it wasn't, we, trust me, (laughs) messaged everyone, so we're, we're messaging a lot of people (laughs ... who have no idea who we are as well, but some people already know us and trust us a little bit. But with the right script, that helped. And, um, I'm wa- warming up our email accounts right now because they say 14 to 30 days, so we're not even ready to do that Yeah. But I'm excited because I think that'll be really big for us as well. And, um, yeah, we just wanna, (laughs) we're only limited by the algorithm and- Yeah. ... the flagging- Yeah. ... of sending more follower requests and sending more messages. (laughs) Mm-hmm. Yeah. No, that's it. That's... You know what's funny, Melanie? By, by the time, um, y- because you guys are doing so well on, uh, DMs already, (laughs) you may look at emails and think, do we need emails? (laughs) Maybe, but my background is email marketing, so I will always love it Oh, yes. So I, I have to do it. Jordan, when we were watching the video That's right ... on email, Jordan was like, "Yeah, pretty much what you said. (laughs) "Like, we're getting so much..." (laughs "... message from DMs, why do we need this?" And then I was like, "Okay, I'll just do this 'cause it's fun for me." (laughs (laughs)No, that's fair, that's totally fair. So, how many appointments are you guys booking on average right now, uh, per week from, like, the DMs would you say? Or per day? So, we've done seven calls so far. Sweet. And closed about half of them. And I am in... Um, I almost got my Facebook account deleted and my Instagram account deleted. Hmm. So, I had to stop completely, which of course slowed us down. Mm-hmm. But we're probably getting, like... One day I had, like, I think eight or nine new leads in a single day. People had positive responses, asked me for the Calendly links. So, I think as time progresses, we'll have more- Yeah. ... calls because there's more follow-up through the whole process. Yeah. As you know, the magic's in the follow-up, so we have- Oh, yeah. 100%. We have quite a few, um, Calendly links out and they're in the process of being followed up with, so... Yeah. Perfect. Love it. Yeah. It's, uh... Uh, to the people watching this, like I said, these guys haven't even scaled up, so it's gonna be- (laughs) ... it's gonna be (laughs), it's gonna be very scary in a good way. Um, so yeah, love it. That was fun. (laughs) (laughs) Yeah. So guys, as you know, there's a, there's a lot in the program, and you know, we joke saying that you guys haven't even touched m- (laughs) touched a- most of it, to be honest, 'cause it's only been, uh, four weeks. But is there anything from the program that you really love? Like, does... are there any particular videos? Uh, the coaching calls? Any specific coaching calls? The group support? Is there anything that stands out amidst everything else for you guys personally? I like the school community. We're in Thailand right now, so it's not always easy to... Also, we have a one-year-old, you know. Yeah. It's hard sometimes to jump on the calls, but the... in the group, it's nice. Whenever we have a question, we can post. Mm-hmm. And everyone is so helpful. The coaches are super helpful, the other members are super helpful. It's a very... it's a very great community of just helpful people, and we've been, like I said, in a lot of other groups, and I think this is the most well-run that I've seen in terms of the coaches' reactions and just the other members trying to pitch in. Mm-hmm. Uh, Charlie recently dropped that AI that I started- Yeah. (laughs) ... and then I was like... It's like, I mean, there's so much to do and then there's so much to watch. (laughs) And Charlie's videos are not short, so it- Mm-hmm. ... it is a bit of a... it's a good problem to have, but it's a bit of like, "Well, should I lock myself in my room and watch all of these videos for three days? Or should I be making content and messaging people?" Mm-hmm. But I'm, I'm super excited to dive in. I just watched the intro of what's included in it, and I, I said to him, I was like, "Oh my God, we can do all of these things automated." And so I'm excited to jump into that one. Yeah. Yeah, love it. And Jordan, yourself, same thing? Yeah, I would agree with that 100%. I think having the core system inside the school is super tailored and, like, curated and super helpful. DMs is my favorite thing to do, because I love social media and direct response marketing. The group is really helpful. The calls with you have been super helpful for us as well, as we had that one call and then from there- (laughs) ... I just saw like using what you said and, like, getting more clients as fast as possible. Yep. And we've spent hundreds of thousands of dollars on coaches and programs and, like, most of them lack a lot of stuff. And this one's pretty, like, solid and something like this all-rounded, has all you need. And, like, at an affordable price. Obviously it's not, like, cheap for most people, but like, in retrospective comparison, it is super affordable on the guarantee you get in the background, and what's happened for us so far. Yeah. And one thing I want to add that stuck out is Charlie talked a lot about, um, I think it was in Acquisition Genesis, I don't know wh- where he said it, but you know, it's one product, one audience. Mm-hmm. Yeah. He really hammered that in, and that was a big shift for us, and he mentioned like, instead of having new courses for the other things that you can learn, why not just put it all in the one thing? So I'm excited. Hopefully we scale as much as everyone thinks we're going to, and then we need to be hiring a lot of people and we need to be- Mm-hmm. Yeah. ... creating bigger systems. And I know that Charlie has a lot of stuff on that. So it's nice to be like, we're here now for the acquisition stuff until we get to a certain point, and then I know he has stuff about ads when we're making a certain amount of money consistently. And we're not there yet, but it's nice to know that we have access to it when we are ready. Yeah. For... as our business grows, basically it's all there for us. Yeah. Yeah. And that's a, that's a great point, Melanie, 'cause (clears throat) I've spoken to clients, like on interviews like this, where it's like they reach a certain point and they think they need to go find a new course. But because our course is so big, they didn't know that we had the solution for the next step. So it's like, "Oh, hey, Noel, yeah, I need to transition to, like, info now, you know. I've done the d- do-it-yourself." So I was like, "Oh, did you watch Consulting Nirvana?" (laughs) (laughs) And like, "Oh no, I didn't, I didn't even know about that." It's like, "Oh yeah, that teaches (laughs), that teaches you everything there." It's like, "Oh, great. Like, I guess I'm here for another couple of months then." So, no, that's, that's perfectly put and, um... Yeah, we... you guys have seen so many things being added even though you've only been (laughs) with us for four weeks, especially the AI stuff. Um, it's like our core principle is being product centric, right? And also client worship. So it's not a matter of, oh, we're just gonna sign Melanie and Jordan in or other clients, take their cash and just leave them in the school group and, you know, they can crack on. No, it's a matter of, hey, checking in how you're doing, answering questions in coaching calls, getting feedback, and adding new things to the program that can benefit you guys. So, super, super happy to hear that you guys are finding it valuable. Guys, talk to me about the, the, the team structure for your info model with the, with the coaching program. So it's you guys and... Do you have any other team members like, um, like, a coach or anything? Or is it just you two for now? Um, so we literally started this program four weeks ago. So when we joined- So it's a year okay. Sweet. ... we like, was making the program as we was like, speaking with Jack and all you guys, so it's totally brand new. And eventually we'll probably... Honestly, it was follow what Charlie did to a T. Same people he hired and following the same process- Yeah. ... because it worked for him. Right now it's just us. Like, we do the marketing, I do the coaching calls, I do the sales calls- Nice. Nice. ... and we help nurture them inside the group afterwards. Sweet. And the, the course you guys have, is it fully built out or are you still building it? Both. Both. Like, we have the- Nice. ... main core module in there right now to, like, give them the results they already have, you know, adding new stuff as we go. Yeah. Honestly, like, trying to do, like model, not totally believing what Charlie does in his program. Okay, this is really helpful for us. Let's have them like this section in our program. Let's do this in our program. Mm-hmm. Yeah. That's what we're trying (...) goes to make sure it's super robust and solves- Yeah. ... all the problems people need. Yeah. Yeah. And it's been really inspiring to see how har- it... like you said, it's products obsessed and client obsessed and you can feel it. And we want our people to feel the same way, so we will never be done with the course. We'll always be adding. Mm-hmm. Because we'll always be growing and learning more- Mm-hmm. ... and adding more and, you know, as we make more money and scale it, we'll be hiring more people and stuff. Yeah. So. Yeah, big goals. Yeah, 100%. Um, have you guys been... Are you... you have been through Consulting Nirvana, right? You're going through it actively? Mm-hmm. Okay. Yeah. Perfect. Perfect. Amazing. So that's going to flesh out the product even more. So, there, that's killer stuff. So guys, you've obviously been here four weeks. Um, let's future pace because hopefully to people watching this, I'm gonna get a part two, if these guys aren't too busy for me, uh, (laughs) a couple of months down the line. What is the... what's the big goal here in, let's just say, six months time? 100K months... six-month timeline, definitely. 100,000 a month profitably profit is probably where I'll go by then. And then afterwards, try and become the biggest coaching program for agents in the world. (laughs) Sweet. 100K months. And then on the operations side, I would say, uh, I'm very excited to outsource all the DMing and- Mm-hmm. ... and, you know, high-

... et cetera, for that. Not that... It's just, it's good to be in it right now and we're learning and we're split testing stuff. We know our audience so well, um, but I want, like, 100 people doing it. (laughs) Yeah. Same thing- Yes. ... so is Yes. ... calls too. Right now, I- Mm-hmm. ... do the calls in my... and I'm in Thailand, where there's terrible time, uh, time zones. So my goal is- Yes. (laughs) ... to do 30 or so calls myself personally, so they fine-tune the pitch and make it perfect, and then hire close the first afterwards as well, have a complete automated robust business that actually works for us- Yeah. ... while we do the big stuff, like the content creation, coaching people, and really getting the results they want. Yeah, sweet. Perfect. Guys, before we wrap up the interview, one thing I actually wanted to ask you both, uh, because both of you were already very high achievers before joining the program, in your respective field, right? Did you guys have any sort of limiting beliefs before joining the program when it came to, you know, starting this info business, you know, doing, like, cold outreach to get it set up? Were there any sort of limiting beliefs that you broke after joining the program? I would say my biggest one was, like, we all very successful as agents, and, like, did a thing. We're top producing agents in the country, but, like, there are a lot of agents out there, like people like Ryan Serhant, who's super successful- Got it, got it. ... doing billion dollars in transactions. Like, how do we compete with people like that with our program- Got it. ... and all of us? But, like, well, enough, one, business can run for everybody, and two- Yeah. ... like, everyone's different. Our system works for everybody. Not just, like, oh, you have to be 10 years experience to be our... this kind of person. It all works for anybody. So for us to be in this program, it taught us that if you do the thing, you follow the process, you stick to one core course, you have matched success as well, and that didn't make a shift for me that we can still do it, even though there's so many agents and coaches and gurus out there for the real estate niche. Yeah. That's a good answer. Melanie? My- mine would be... it... I- it wasn't really a limiting belief, but like Jordan said, we were just transitioning out of doing real estate ourselves and into the info business, and Charlie really hammered in how amazing info products are. Mm-hmm. The business model, you know, like I was saying before- Margins. Yeah. One- Yep. ... one product, one audience, et cetera, and the margins. And we... you know, we've been in business for decades, so we're used to the pain of cold outreach and getting rejected and stuff like that. And I remember when he was going over some of the KPIs, we were just li-... he was, like, really warning people, like, "It's gonna be hard and yo- you know, sometimes you're gonna get 50 nos in a row, but then you're gonna get 10 yeses in a row," or whatever, and whatever the numbers were, we were like, "Oh my god." Hmm. "This is great." Like, "He's saying 1%? That's amazing. All we have to do is message, like, 700 people." (laughs) Mm-hmm. Yeah. And so, it was... wasn't really a limiting belief, but I... it was very inspiring to us, just like... Yep. ... it gives you confidence to know that you have a system, and that it's been, you know, fleshed out by other people. And also, what's really cool within this program is, like, um... I forgot how Charlie phrased it, but everyone is doing it at the same time. So people are posting in the group, like- Mm-hmm. ... "Oh, this meme stopped working, but this one- Mm-hmm. ... is working," or, "Oh, you know, I was doing this, and this platform changed, and now I'm doing this." So, it's like you have thousands of people, or I'm not sure, hundreds of people, that are, that are testing for you, and you're being able to use the results for your own business. Yep. Perfect. Love it, guys. Love it. Cool. As we wrap this one up, there will be two groups of people that watch this. The first of which are current clients, and the second of which are people that have yet to join the program. Maybe they're on the fence, maybe they wanna think about it, or, you know, maybe they- Mm-hmm. ... came across an ad, and they're going through these interviews. Mm-hmm. For, for the current clients, uh, what would you say to them guys in terms of the best piece of advice that you can give to succeed? Um, especially because you've only been with us for four weeks, but you've been able to get things moving. What would you say to the existing students? Definitely tap in. Tap into- (laughs) ... all the resources, watch the program, ask questions- Yep. ... get feedback. Don't give up. It's still a business. It's still hard. Like, obviously, like, it's not gonna be easy. And they tell us that when you join, it's not gonna be easy. But if you follow the steps, and you know that if you do enough i- outputs, input will come back to you. Yeah. Yeah. Perfect. Fine. Just keep going. You know, you paid for it. Yep. Take advantage of it. It's definitely... (sighs) It can feel like a lot, but remember- Yep. ... really, uh, the first thing I think we did was, you know, read through all of the testimonials and stuff, 'cause that gets you really bought in. After we bought it, the first thing we did was, like, "All right, look at all the things that these people did. We can do it too." Mm-hmm. So, watch this interview, you know- That's it. ... I- I think just, look, there's so many wins in the community, and on various places online. Yeah. Just read through them when you're feeling discouraged, and remember, if it's possible for other people, it's possible for you too. Yeah. Perfect, perfect. And to people that have yet to join the program, let's just say they have their doubts, they already had a sales call and they wanna think about it, they're on the fence. Maybe they haven't even had a sales call and they've just stumbled across one of our million ads and (laughs) you know- Mm-hmm. ... they're doing their due diligence. What would you guys say to them, almost as if you're speaking to yourselves before you joined the program? I would say that your biggest regret is not joining sooner. If I would have joined months ago... I tried doing info products before, years ago, and, like, it kind of worked, not really, before I found this one originally. Like, I would have a 10 times bigger success story than I do right now, because I found, like, coaches and mentors that can help me get what I want as fast as possible and really collapse time. And they know what they're talking about. They know what to do. They have the right systems. There's so many people in there winning every single day, which is also inspiring, and it helps you understand, like, you can do it too. If we can do it, so can you.Yeah, amazing. That's it. Awesome. (laughs) That's it, there we go. Sweet. Guys, where can people follow you in case they wanna keep up with, with the journey and what you guys are doing? Yeah, so both of us, it's our first and last name, Jordan Super, Melanie Super, Instagram, YouTube, Facebook, our main platforms are IG and YouTube. This is our main ones, but if you type in Jordan Super and Melanie Super separately, you'll find us all over the place. We post a lot of content. (laughs) Yeah, we ha- we run the business together, but we have two separate accounts for everything. Yeah, perfect. I'm gonna put those details in the description, guys, and you can check them out. But yeah, hopefully you found this interview valuable. Like I said, this is a part one, and, uh, if these guys ain't too busy for me, I'm gonna chase them up for a part two down the line. But yeah, I'm gonna do my famous outro now. If you are watching this interview and you want a get-rich-quick scheme, and you think you can come in here for a couple of days and, you know, you've been fooled by the ads of people in Miami with their floral GTA: Vice City shirts... (clears throat) ... and their, you know, their Rolex, and their- and their drop down, and you know, guys opening their laptops, typing some keys and then closing it, and boom, 30K in cash in the bank and whatnot, um, and you think it could be a overnight thing, I'm here to tell you guys, unfortunately, our program is not that. Sadly, it's not a get-rich-quick scheme. As I always say, if you do find a get-rich-quick, -quick scheme, and a magic pill that makes you rich overnight, send it my way. Find me, full name Normie. (laughs) Find me on Instagram, Facebook. Send it my way. I'm being deadly serious. But if you are someone that is genuinely willing to follow a proven framework, uh, you know, follow a roadmap to actually achieve predictable success over a long period of time, and you're willing to, you know, follow the course content, listen to coaches, and get group support, and take actionable advice over time in- to achieve the success, then we can probably help. And, uh, like I said to Jordan and Melanie here at the start, uh, these guys' results, and I'll be fully transparent with you, it's not typical to (laughs)- (laughs) ... come into the program and launch their systems and get, you know, 21K in two weeks. I'm not gonna be that guy that's gonna tell you, "Yeah, you can definitely jump in and do what Jordan and, and Melanie done." These guys are experts in their domain. They've been, um... Guys, remind me, how many years have you been a, uh, realtor in the property space? So I've been in it for about a decade. My first five years have been marketing as AC owner for agents. Yeah. The last five years is running a team- Yeah. ... and doing nothing personally. There you go. And then- I helped him for the fi- second five years. Yeah. Between us, 15. (laughs) Yeah. So, so to people watching this, like, you may look at it as 21K, uh, in two weeks. I look at it as 15 years of experience to get to the point where they can make a product that gets them 21K in two weeks. So, this video is not designed to, like, sell you a crazy dream where you can jump in and, "Oh, I'm gonna get similar (laughs) results as Jordan and Melanie." Uh, you probably could if you have their experience and expertise levels. Go on, Melanie. I wanna say, um, w- you really nailed it. Like, for us, we are hardworking and we're determined. Yes. And if we have to do something even if it sucks, we'll do it. But what this program gave us was what to do. Mm-hmm. So it's the clarity and the con- like you called it, a proven framework. It's exactly what it is. So yes, it's not a get-rich-quick scheme. If you know you have grit, and you have the work ethic, and you just don't know what to do, this is the program for you. Yeah. Like this is- The blueprint. ... a rocket ship. Yeah. Mm-hmm. You just get in and you just- That's it. ... if you just follow it one, two, three, and like, it's not easy, absolutely not, but you just do exactly what Charlie says, and if you have the work ethic, and you have the, you know, also, like if you have the product, he's really big on... Mm-hmm. We're not one of those marketers where, like, I love that. Yeah. That he makes it very clear that he wants all of his clients to make a very good product as well. Mm-hmm. So if you have- Yeah. ... actual knowledge that you can share and you have work ethic, this is, this is where you should be. Yeah, there we go. And even if you don't have the knowledge, guys, we'll help you, you know, start something, right? It will just take a bit longer than two weeks like- (laughs) ... uh, these c- these guys say. (laughs) So yeah, hopefully you found this valuable. Uh, if you have any further doubts and you wanna think about things, that's perfectly fine. This is the 109th interview, excluding part twos. So be sure- (laughs) ... to watch all of the other (laughs) interviews across different verticals, uh, you know, coaches, consultants, agency owners, different backgrounds, all that good stuff to see, uh, the results that they've achieved. And, uh, yeah, then you can book a call and, uh, you can see what's what. But yeah, hopefully you found this one valuable. Like I said, keep an eye out for part two that will come in the next few months, and we'll catch you in the next one. Cheers, guys. Bye. Thanks. See you guys.