# Josh: $0 to $147k per month in 29 months

Okay. What's happening, everyone? Hope you guys are doing well. Welcome to another client interview. Uh, today I'm joined yet again by another one of our long-serving clients, Josh, um, who safe to say has absolutely smashed it with our program, uh, pre and post joining. We'll get to, we'll get to more of that (laughs) in a bit. Um, but yeah, for those of you who have not come across Josh, this is actually a part two, and we're just doing an update with him to see how he has gotten on, as he has done incredibly well with the program. So Josh, obviously I know you very well, but for the people watching right now, why don't you introduce who you are, who you serve, and the transformation you deliver for your clients. Yeah. Awesome, man. So my name's Josh. Uh, I own a company called JKD Agency, which is a consulting company for marketing agencies, and we also work with some, some B2B coaches as well. Uh, and we basically implement, uh, and help them set up automated appointment booking systems through LinkedIn and cold email primarily, and, um, just help them get clients. Yeah. That's what we do. Take these guys back all the way to where you were before. I'm talking all the way when you were telling me when you were working in the factory and whatnot. All the way. All the way back- Yeah. ... compared to where you are now from a revenue standpoint, man. Yeah, so (laughs) I mean, it wasn't quite a factory. It wasn't like an industrial revolution type thing, but, um- (laughs) ... I was working in the, in the back of a, like a Best Buy, if you know what that is. Um ... Oh, apologies, man. I (laughs) I've completely misinterpreted right through, through all this. Yeah, maybe it's a... Yeah. No, it's not in, uh, it's not in... I don't know if they have it in the UK or if I'm... I don't know. But, uh, basically just like an electronic store. I was in the warehouse in the back, like moving boxes- Well, yeah. Yep. Yep, yep. ... and stuff for like 10 bucks an hour. Um, so yeah, that was my, I guess, my revenue was whatever I was working like 40 hours a week times 10- (laughs) ... which is, uh, 400 bucks a week. So that's what I was making before. And this month, which is, uh, it's Halloween here, so last day of October, uh, we're at four- 147K this month. Um, so fingers crossed we'll, uh, we'll get another sale here- Yep. ... to make it the nice round number. But, um, that's my best month to date, so that's where we're at now. Yeah. There we go. Josh, why don't you take everyone back to when you first started in terms of what drove you towards the program, what you were struggling with, you know, all that good stuff, man. Yeah. Um, so, I mean, I, I got into Easy Grow, I guess, kind of, uh... (laughs) Know when you're planning on, on bringing that part up. Um, but yeah, when I, when I got into Easy Grow, I knew nothing. Like, I was just basically starting out from, from nothing. I had kind of like an agency, like I went down the whole, like, Iman Godsy, start this agency, whatever. Uh, so I had like kind of an agency, um, and I just didn't know anything about anything. So my problem was, like, I was getting kind of some appointments, like I was getting like two or three appointments a week. Um, I didn't know at all, like, anything about sales or like how to sell these people properly. Uh, I didn't know, I didn't know how to fulfill because I didn't even have any clients. Um, and I just didn't know anything about, about business or in general. So I was in that like very early stage when I initially found you guys like two and a half years ago. Yeah. And when you joined the program, man, talk to me about how you approached things, um, to start picking up some traction and start, you know, getting on the trajectury- trac- trajectory you're on now. Say, you can tell it's Friday because I'm done speaking. (laughs) Yeah. But yeah, talk to us, man. Um, well, I mean, the first thing, like the first thing I learned li- like with, with Easy Grow obviously, was the, uh, the acquisition Genesis was, was really huge. And I think that was probably the most helpful thing for me, is just like ha- like really understanding how like marketing and sales and, you know, agencies worked. And not just like surface level how they work, but like the real deep, like how to really un- understand how systems work and how to think of, you know, scaling. 'Cause like I think the biggest problem a lot of people have is like they either don't know what... Like they don't really know what to do, or like they don't really know how to strategize and like plan things 'cause they don't understand how systems work. Um, so I think being able to like understand like what leverage is at a really high level, which Charlie talks about in the program, and like what to focus on and, and these types of things was really powerful. Uh, and then also just like the thinking process behind like systems and how that, you know, applies to marketing and, and these types of things. So that was like the biggest kickstart, um, which kind of helped me- Yeah. ... know where to go, basically. Great stuff, man. From a... I want to touch on the theory side of things, because like a lot of people watching this right now, as you're well aware of the market as well, they're always after, give me that golden script, you know? Give me that golden keyword, that buzzword. Give me that magic software that's going to do that. You know that we're heavily theory-based, because that's like the foundation of everything. How important would you say that has been, Josh, in terms of your success, in terms of, um, understanding why you're doing what you're doing as opposed to just doing it? Well, I mean, that's everything, man. Um, like, it's great to have scripts and, you know, to have a system that works. And ultimately, like obviously, you know, that's, that's an important part of it. Um, but if you don't know how it works and like- you're not going to be able... Like it's very hard to... Like marketing is a very important part of your business. And if you don't really have a... I mean, and sales I guess too, and, and e- like sales, marketing, product, everything is important. Yeah. But if you like, if you like don't really understand how each of these things work, as soon as like something changes in the market or like your, you know, script stops working or something happens and you don't have like the fundamental understanding to be able to like...... build it back up, or how to like think about these things, like you're- you're screwed. And this is the thing as well, like with a lot of people that want done for you, which, um, we obviously sell consulting so we run into this a lot, is like, you know, they think like just someone helping them, w- like one person is gonna be, you know, fix their whole business and it's ... that- that one person can only be you. 'Cause as soon as that goes away, you're- Yeah. ... you're screwed. It's like people who try and hire a sales rep before they learn how to sell is like on the very unlikely- No. ... chance that they hire a good sales rep. They're- they leave and then your whole business goes away. So- Yep. ... you, like if you don't understand how to build these things yourself, you're- you're basically just, you're- you're praying and hoping, and that's not a very good strategy. Yeah, well said. It's kind of like, um ... here's the thing, like even if you do done for y- if you do want it done for you, right, at least have a level of awareness of what's going on. Yeah. Or make sure that you eventually learn it with them. But if you're (laughs) handing your business over, a key component of your business over to someone else without knowing how to do it yourself, your business is literally hanging on an external party. So for people watching us right now, um, yeah, I know Josh firsthand because obviously he's a longtime client, but Josh in his business, and we'll touch on team later, he's got key team members now. But the thing is, if his fulfillment team dies for whatever reason, in terms of, you know, they wanted to leave, Josh can step in. If his sales rep leaves, he can sell. He can sell (laughs) very well, you know. If he needs to dial in ops and whatnot, he can do that as well. So it's- it's, uh, it's a level of power and control, Josh, right, where, yes, it's a lot of work at the start, but you can probably attest to this, the feeling you have, it's- it's unbeatable because you know you're in full control, you can step in if needed. Yeah, and you can sleep at night. Yeah, exactly. Exactly that, man. Killer stuff. So when you actually first joined the program, right, I know we touched on the theory side of things, what did you get set up to start bringing in the appointments and the sales and all that good stuff, man? Um, well, I ... the first thing we, I did was cold email, uh, with your guy's Loom strategy. Um, so that was the first thing I did, uh, and that worked pretty good. Like I was getting like three to six appointments a week with that. Um, so that was the first thing I did. Um, I couldn't sell anyone because I just sucked at sales. Um, so that was (laughs) th- the first appointment booking system I set up there that worked. Um, and then from there I went into the- the sales systems and figure out kind of how to sell, and then I mean, I- I'm- I'm not gonna go into all of the- the mistakes I made along the way, but yeah, the, in terms of the program, the first thing I started using and getting results with was, uh, was the Loom alchemy, I think, or Terminator Loom or whatever it's called. Nice. Cool stuff. And when you started to implement that, like how many appointments were- were you booking on average compared to prior to that? Yeah, like three to six a week when I, when I first started. So I, before it was like kind of random. I mean, I didn't, again, I didn't really know what I was doing. I was maybe getting like one or two a week or three a week. Yeah. If I've like on a very good week. Um, but it wasn't re- al- it also wasn't consistent, um, 'cause I would like, you know, I was like kind of like bouncing around doing so many different scripts and so many different niches. So it wasn't really reliable or predictable in any way. Yeah. Um, but when I obviously implemented the- the Looms, it was more like I was getting like three to five meetings, like- like every week pretty consistently. Yeah, good stuff. Because I just s- stuck to it. What are you doing right now to generate appointments? Is it still Looms or you decided- started ads yet? Yeah, it's not Looms. Um, it's also, we're not doing ads either. It's more like, like we're still doing cold email, but it's a little bit of a different, like it's kind of like evolved into like a different version of it, which also I think is important as well. Um, like if you are using Easy Grow or when, you know, you do join these guys, 'cause you definitely should, um, like use what they have, obviously, but, like be creative with it as well. Um- Yeah. Big one. ... like come up with like evolve from that, you know. Um, like Otavio, who's also a big case study, I'm pretty good friends with him as well. Yep. Like when he did his Looms, or he's still doing Looms and he's like- He's real- he's the best case study for Looms. (laughs) He's- he's smashing it. Yeah, I think he's the best. He is like the Loom alchemist. Yeah. (laughs) Um, but, uh, yeah, he- he- his, like he di- k- took the Loom idea and like put his own spin on, like he's like doing like these fancy things like inside of the Loom- Yeah. ... that's like really unique. Um, I'm like, you know, use the- use what they have, but also take that and like build on it. Yeah. Um, so yeah, to- to basically go on your point. Good stuff. Like we're using, we're using like 50% cold email and then we also are doing 50% LinkedIn whereas the other half, so just outreach though. Nice. You haven't touched ads yet? Not yet. Crazy. Crazy in a good way, 'cause yeah, there's gonna be scary- They- they told me to, but I- I haven't listened to them yet, so. Yeah, man, we're- w- the mastermind we're gonna, we- we'll come to that later, but yeah. Yeah. No, that's- that's ... I love that you raise that point, man, because you, Otavio, and a couple of other clients that I interview, almost all of them actually, the best examples of this, being able to think for yourself. So with you guys, it's never a case of, um, oh, you need ... this is the copy, Josh, go ahead. What we found with the best clients, they see something and then they tweak it to their own accord, which is what you'd done. Like we had a client where, you know DM Sorcery? We- we've got a client who's doing on Telegram and tweaked it so that it suits Telegram and he scaled his agency to six figures. Um, it's- it's a pair of brothers that are business partners, so shout out to them. Um, but yeah, Josh, I wanted to touch on that, like and Acquisition Genesis goes over this, like how important is it that you now have the power to basically think for yourself and you're script-proof and you're tech-proof, where again, a lot of these people are maybe reliant on a script or words. With you it's different because you know when to tweak things and how to tweak things to best suit your- the market conditions. Like how integral is that? Yeah.I mean, it's like, it's everything, man, 'cause like, like I know, like the... Obviously, you know, marketing and like s- eh, like it goes, it's up and down, right? Like, you have like good months and, and bad months. Um, but the, the thing that you have now once you have like the, the understanding of how these things work is you know how to fix the problems when they inevitably happen, you know. Like, I think like August, we had a really bad month in terms of appointments and I looked at, you know... You can just like look at the numbers- Mm-hmm. ... and know exactly why there was a problem and you can fix it like within two to three weeks. Yeah. But if you don't know how these things work and your numbers start going to shit, then it's you'd like, you just like, you just have to like hope that it gets better, you know? Yeah. (laughs) You don't have any influence on your, your whole business which is like, it's a pretty big problem 'cause you probably got into business to have more control and now you can't even control the thing that you built, which is not a good place to be in. Yeah. For sure. Yeah. That brings us onto data, right? A lot of people watching this, and even clients that just joined the program, right, um... I was speaking to Lucas, uh, just before you where he even brute forced his way without certain pieces of data. Mm-hmm. How has your, um, how's your business built in terms of like KPIs and the different da- types of data you're tracking? And again, how integral is that when it comes to maintaining that control, man? Yeah. Again, like, you ca-... Uh, I mean, apparently you can't do it without it. Um, but not- Yeah. (laughs) ... not really. Um, 'cause as soon as, again, it all comes down to like, you need to be able to like control what... Like, everything in your business is numbers, right? Yeah. Like if you want, like... This, it's like the most basic thing that like people have these like ambitious goals of like gonna get into whatever revenue and then they don't do the math. You know, it's like they wanna get to whatever, 100K a month, it's like how many units do you need? How many offers do you need to make? How many sales reps do you need to have? Like they don't do these numbers. Um, but when you actually know what numbers you need to hit and you know how those output numbers are, like correlate with the inputs that you need to do, then you can have direct control- Yeah. ... over the outcomes because you know. Like, for example, if I need to, whatever, let's say I need to book 10 appointments. Like, I know that I just need send 2,000 emails. Hmm. That's it. So, it's like number one is you need to know what you need to, you know, the numbers you need to have to get what you want, and then you need to know what actions you need to take in order to get those things. Yeah. And if you understand the actions required to get what you want, then you can just get it. E- even at your level, you can even go two steps further where it's like by this, you should, um, I'm more than certain you have the dates on this, you probably know how many emails you need to send to get a paying client by this point. Yeah. Of course. Yeah. And then it's just- Yeah. ... a different level of control, right? Yeah. Like you literally- Yeah. ... just like, you know. And, and like we were g- recently started building on like a customer success like path and, I mean, I call it a department but it's just me basically. (laughs). Um, but, uh, like, uh, everything is, like all the activation points, like every single thing is like completely, like I know exactly the numbers that are- Love it. ... you know, happening. So, I can, you know, see, okay, what's out of KPI here, like what activation point are people not reaching? And then I can just go in and be like, okay, what, now do I, now I can see like if specifically exactly what the problem is. And then it becomes so much clearer, you know, what to do to fix that. Yeah. Stuff. Because the problem is so specific, but if your problem is like, "I don't know how to get clients," it's like that's so vague. Yeah. You're not gonna be able to like, "Okay, now what do I do?" Great. Yeah. But if it's like, uh, like my positive replies are not converting into booked appointments and that metric is lower than it should be, then it's like, okay- Easy fix. ... well then we know what to do. Now we know what to do. Yeah. Fix that. Reply faster, follow up more. That's basically it. Yeah. Yeah. Y- And just finishing up on this point, even on the negative side, right? Without data, if you're doing good, you're doing good, you're loving life and whatnot, you know, you're just going crazy. Yeah. If, if you're doing bad, you're going crazy in a bad way 'cause you got no data, you're panicking, et cetera, et cetera. With data, it's a different story and, and you've probably seen this, Josh. If, if there's a, you know, if things are going downhill for whatever reason, there's no panic. You just look at the numbers, you tweak things, and you know what to fix. And again, it comes back- Yeah. ... to that control element. Yeah. Exactly. And there's the thing in August that I was saying before, it's like, oh no, we're getting like, you know, like five appointments a day instead of whatever, like 15 that we're normally getting. And then I look at the numbers, it's like, oh, our reply rate is a third of what it normally is. It's like why did my reply rate just cut in a third in like a week? And, you know, you, you get to the point where you've experienced these things enough times that like the only thing that can happen there is like deliverability. That's the only reason- Yeah. ... why that would happen. That's it. Um, yeah. So. That's it, man. Is there anything else outside of the, the outbound stuff, right, that stood out in the program itself? The coaching calls, any other modules like- Yeah. Well, the reason why I originally joined was for the sales coaching, uh, 'cause I didn't know how to, to sell at all. Like, my close rate was like- Yeah. ... 6% or like 10% or like hovered in between there. Um, so I knew Jack was, who is the coach- Yeah. Shout out to Jack. ... with you guys. I'm like, yeah, this guy is, knows what he's talking about. So I'm like, I literally just wanted to buy it to talk to Jack. Um, so- (laughs) ... that's why I bought it initially. Uh, and then obviously I bought the mastermind pretty shortly after that. Um, but yeah, the, and it's like the, the fact that there's like coaching calls for like so many different things is also really helpful 'cause it's not like, you know, one thing that you can get help with. It's like, okay, even if you are only struggling with like sales, which is what the case was for me, it's like, okay, now, you know, maybe I have, you know, some operations problems and then I go to Noah's call. Or, you know, maybe I have, you know, um, you know, whatever, maybe I wanna start ads and then I'll join the ads call. Yeah. You know, so it's like there's so many things that you could use advice on that you're probably not thinking about. Um, so having the amount of support that there is also pretty helpful. Yeah, for sure. And I, I wanna touch on that, especially because like, you know, w- we, we've got all the video content, right, that's very detailed. You've obviously got the group support and school and whatnot, but the coaching calls, how significant have they been in terms of like your growth, Josh? Especially on the sale side of things, because getting direct feedback, talk to me about how helpful that's been in terms of like bringing, being able to bring cool recordings, objections and whatnot, and then constantly improving as a result. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I mean, specifically like the coaching from, from Jack, like when I joined, my sales conversion rate, like I, I mean, I already said what it was. Uh, and then within like three to four months, it was like 25%, so that's like a significant difference. Yeah. Um, and obviously if you, two and a half times your close rate, you two and a half times your revenue, and you're probably more than two and a half times your profit, um, which is what happened. So that was- Yeah. ... I mean, that even in itself if like very significant. So... Yeah. Love it. Talk to me...

... about the mastermind 'cause I know you basically went from zero to 50 with EasyGrow then we got you into the mastermind. Then you've practically almost tripled that. Hopefully, we can say officially tripled if, if free, free K comes in today. (laughs) So... (laughs) Yeah, everybody after this interview, I'm just gonna constantly watch this thing. Yeah, yeah, for sure. So yeah, talk to me about the mastermind, man. How have you found it thus far? You've obviously been with us for more than a year. You renewed. How has that experience been and, you know, how have you found that product? Yeah, I mean, just really good. Um, the main ... I mean, there's, there's a few reasons why, you know, I think it's helpful. I mean, number one, um, I think it's really important to have, like to feel like you're not very significant- (laughs) ... um, in the sense that, like, you know, there's people in there who are making a lot more money than me obviously. Um, and you know, I think the moment that you feel like you're, you know, doing so good is the moment that you stop trying as hard. Um, so I always want to feel like, like, um, poor. Like these, all these people are making so much more money than me. And obviously, not like, you know, but you, I think you know what I'm saying. It's always good to feel like people- No, no, yeah, yeah, 100%. ... are doing better than you. Um, and number one, it just shows you it's possible and number two, it's like being able to learn from those people is really, really helpful, which I guess is the second thing, which is being able to learn from people who are where you want to be, so you cannot make all the mistakes that they've made. So we've like basically doubled every six months for, like, the last two years. Um, so, you know, I, that wouldn't have happened if I probably made all the mistakes that Charlie made. Um, so being able to learn from those things is, is really helpful. Um, and then also, the, the events are, are cool, too, like you know, it's a nice excuse to, to travel and go somewhere cool- Yeah. (laughs) ... so yeah. Those are my two things. Yeah, that's it. It's good fun, man. No, I love what you said there about, you, (laughs) you put, you put it very well there. You wanna feel insignificant 'cause I- Yeah. ... I've spoken to other mastermind members who feel the same. They say, "Oh no, this is great. I feel out of my comfort zone. I didn't know it was possible to make $200 a month from this or $300 a month from that, or whatever it may be from this." And that's literally how you grow. So I think you came at like $50 a month. Now, you've pretty much tripled it (laughs) which is just ridiculous, um, and you're still scaling, which is fantastic. How have you seen, um, like what specifically about the mastermind, Josh, 'cause obviously you've been through EasyGrow, the standard product suite of the program, the course, the coaching course and whatnot, what difference have you seen specifically in the mastermind to allow you to continue to fast track your success with us, man? Um, well, I think, I mean, just direct support. I mean, obviously, the support in EasyGrow is good. But it's not, like, as fast or as, like, one-on-one, I guess. Um, it obviously is, like, one-on-one in the sense that you're getting, you know, a personal response from someone, but it's like you get more attention from the experts- Mm-hmm. ... which is really helpful. Um, and that's obviously Charlie and Beau. Um, I've really been, uh, been, you, you know, Brunker, the officer here as sales manager, I've been, uh, using him a lot. (laughs) Um, so that's been really helpful. And basically, just like outsourcing decision-making to someone who has made the decisions- Yeah. ... that you need to make is, like, really helpful. Like, you know, I mean, that's just, you know, at the end of the day, the most important thing is like what you're deciding, like the decisions that you decide to make with the business that are, like, impactful. And if you can, you know, get a pair of eyes on those decisions that they've already made them and, you know, they've learned all the lessons, again, the hard way, it comes back- Yeah. ... to the same thing, it's very, very helpful. So I can, you know, um, like right, right now, uh, we're trying to hire another sales rep. Mm-hmm. And, um, you know, I know Brunker's seen a lot more sales reps than me, so obviously, I'm gonna want him to tell me, you know, who I should be hiring and who probably I shouldn't be hiring. Um, and that's just really helpful to have that. Yeah. Love it, man. I- That's just an example. Yeah. Yeah, for sure. I, I gave, uh, I gave it a horrible tagline that I got laughed out of in the exec meet, where obviously in the mastermind, we got the private Slack channels now with e- every client. So this is what Josh was alluding to, is almost like you've got an eight-figure back pocket 'cause if you've got Slack on your phone, we're, we're in your back pocket almost where it's like, "Oh, I've got a question. Let me get to these guys. They've been there, done that," et cetera, et cetera. But it's a lot more intimate, it's a lot more quick. And like you just said there, Josh, like anything pops up, rather than you having to double it on your own or maybe put into the group for support- Yeah. ... it's just immediate private, you know, access. And that's not even, we're not even talking about events here. This is just a Slack mess- Slack channel you get. Yeah. Yeah. And also, I mean, the coaching calls as well, it's kind of the same thing. It's just like there's less people and you can, you know, like you can go back and forth with Brunker on these sales calls for like, or these coaching calls for like- Yeah. ... 20, 30 minutes sometimes, um, which is really awesome. Yeah. So... Love it. Josh, speak to me 'cause it's been specifically 29 months, so two years, five months. Talk to me about how version one of you looks, right, from a belief standpoint, any limiting beliefs you've had, mindset issues, et cetera, et cetera- Okay. ... compared to the version of Josh I'm speaking to right now. What identity- Yeah. ... shift did you have to make in order to succeed, man? Would love to hear more about this. Hmm. That's a good question. Um, I mean, a lot of identity shifts, um, and a lot of beliefs. Um ... That's a very hard question to answer 'cause there's just so many things. Um- What would you say the major ones are? 'Cause I know that's a big one. (laughs) Sure. Um, well, I would say the main one is, like, understanding strategy at a pretty good level. Like I think we kinda talked about this, the most important thing that I didn't understand before is like...... knowing where to, wh- knowing the more specific, I guess, being more specific about the problems that you're having. Yeah. So, really understanding like how to influence the amount of money your business is making based on numbers. Yeah. Um, and then... ultimately what to do, um, to fix them. Um, I don't know. That's a really bad answer. I don't know why I can't come up with anything better than that. No, it's- it's a big question and you're probably- Yeah. I mean, that's- ... just trying to go back to- ... that's not really a paradigm shift. That's more like a, like a strategy or a lesson that I learned. Um, but yeah. I mean, that's one thing and then just, I mean, the main thing is just like prioritizing resources and- and time has been like the biggest thing. Because if you're always doing the- the most impactful thing in your business, you will be growing a lot. And if you're not growing, it either means you're focusing on not something that's very impactful or you are failing at executing it. Um, so I think always knowing what you should be doing and what's going wrong is probably the biggest thing that's changed for me, um, where I was kind of just like willy-nilly going about things in my day and going about, you know, prioritizing certain tasks. Um, now I can kind of know for c- like I'm 100 perce- I know exactly what I need to do to get to 250K a month. Yeah. Which is the next goal. Um- Love it. I just need to do it and that's gonna take time and that's gonna take me getting better at certain skills. Um, so I think the biggest thing is, and I think this is what most people lack as well, is just like awareness of what's going on in your own company to know what is the thing that you need to be focusing on. Mm-hmm. Because most people just like do things and they don't like give it a second thought- Yeah. ... of like, is this actually growing my company or am I just doing work? Because it's two very different things. Yeah. All right. Well put, man. Talk to me about... 'Cause y- you've given your goal, next goal of... which is 250 a month and we're definitely going to smash that. What's the team structure look like, man? Um, I know you were a one man army- Right now? ... years ago, but what does it look like right now? Um, well, right now we have, uh, two appointment setters. We have, um, well, we had two sales reps. I just let one go and I'm just trying to hire another one, so we'll call it two sales reps. Um, but it's really one at this point of time. And then I have one, uh, guy who runs my ops and outbound and client support. He kind of does a bunch of things, but yeah. Nice. Sick. And that was a transition from you doing everything to now you got like a mini team under you. Yeah. What does your day-to-day look like right now? Right now, my day-to-day is a lot of, uh, interviews with sales reps because we're- Yeah. ... hiring a sales rep right now. Um... I don't know how detailed you want to be. Um, but yeah, so- No, no. Yeah. Okay. You've, you've sh- I can be more detailed. So I get up at 8:00. You've sh- Yeah. And then I have- You've shifted from f- Sure. I want to swiggle. So you went from, uh- Okay. Because this is interesting, eh, especially with clients that join the Mastermind, it'd be great for you to touch on this. Mm-hmm. It's like you evolve from doing everything, uh, founder level to now you're with- Yeah. ... shifting to a recruiter. Yeah. Yeah, I mean, at this point it's more like I'm a recruiter, a manager and like a, a strategizer basically. Yeah. Yeah. And then like I obviously, you know, do some other things that are not that, like I do onboarding calls with clients and I, uh... Which also Charlie and Po would not be very proud of. (laughs) Yeah. Um, and then- I've just, I've just processed what you just said there. Onboarding- Yeah. ... calls with cli- at your scale, it's just- Yeah. So I, I do that and yeah, I mean, like I do one of those a day basically at this point. Um, so I do onboarding- That's crazy. ... calls with clients and then I do like... What else do I do? I do... I mean, I do like some marketing stuff, which is pretty high leverage to like writing scripts when a script- Yeah. ... needs to be written and like overseeing things. But that's pretty much all of the not like team related things that I do. Yeah. Crazy man. Yeah. We need to, we need to get rid of those onboarding- Yeah. ... calls, man. Bro, (laughs) that's mental. But no, good stuff. Yeah. Josh, 29 months ago, right, you would have probably been, um, not probably, you were working in the warehouse at Best Buy, making $10 an hour, like you said, right? You probably had dreams, ambitions, all this good stuff. 29 months later, (laughs) it's safe to say you've done very, very well. Talk to me about how it feels and then talk to me about how life has changed, if life has changed. And I kind of get a feeling I'll know what the answer you're gonna tell me. It's probably gonna relate to, "I'm still working." But yeah.