# Masai: $1k to $10k per month in 6 months

Okay. What's happening, everyone? Hope you guys are doing well. Welcome back to another client interview with another one of our amazing clients. Uh, today, I'm joined by Messiah, and Messiah has done extremely well with- with the- with our program, and he's been with us for about, uh, six months now. And he's- uh, he's here on this interview to essentially share what he's gotten up to since joining. So, Messiah, for people watching, man, why don't you introduce, uh, who you are, t- who you s- uh, who you serve, and the transformation you deliver to your clients, man. Yeah. So I'm Messiah Brown-Andrews. I'm from Washington, DC, in the US, and I've been in EasyGrow about- exactly about six months now. I'm working mainly with small law firms to do automation and AI implementation work. So, a lot of their back-office work can be automated using technology, and so I essentially g- come on their team and help them build out those automations to- to automate a lot of that back-office work and- and help them to be a lot more efficient. Yeah. Amazing. And talk to the people about where you were from a monthly recurring revenue standpoint- Yeah. ... prior to joining, uh, compared to where you are right now, man. Yeah, and I- I think I'll probably tie in a little bit more context. Before, probably about a year before... So I joined EasyGrow in April. The- a year prior, I played my last professional soccer game, so I was a professional soccer player before. Um, and I played my last game in May of last year, of 2024. And then from there, I was kind of messing around, trying to start different businesses online. Ended up doing automation stuff 'cause that's just- that's super interesting to me. Um, so I ended up in automation and AI stuff and just fell down that rabbit hole, learned as much as I could, still learning as much as I can. But before joining EasyGrow, I think this gives a little bit more context to it, I don't have a- a business background, right? And so I talk to people all the time, and they're like, "You know, what..." We have these conversations about the- the hard part of running an AI business, and the hard part is the business part, right? Because you still need leads, you need to close people, you need to have, like, marketing and sales and all this kind of stuff. The- the AI part's fun. You mess around with... If you like computers, it's fun. You mess around with computers, you- you build agents and stuff, you build automations. That stuff's fun and cool, and- and learning stuff is- is fun and cool, but there's still, uh... You need to figure out how to make money from it at some point, right? So that was... I had the AI part, but I didn't have the business part before EasyGrow. I didn't have any idea of how to create a offer, how to position myself, how to do outbound, cold outbound, inbound, all that kind of stuff, I had no idea about. Um, and so, for it to put numbers to it, when I joined EasyGrow, I was doing maybe... It would vary month to month, maybe $1,000, $2,000 a month. If it was a good month, maybe 2.5, something like that. But it's just taking in whatever projects I could get, I was just taking those on, and- and, um, I didn't really have any sort of system to- to acquire clients at all. Yeah. And where are you at right now, man? Right now, so two weeks ago, I crossed my first $10,000 mark. Yeah. That's it. That's the one. That was when the random pop- post popped out the blue, and I'm like- Yeah, yeah. ... "Another one that doesn't update us throughout, but he just drops the- drops the silent- the silent shark bomb in the EasyGrow." I need a better name for that, by the way. That tag's, um, gone- gone through so many, uh, clients now. So yeah. No, great stuff, Messiah. And I think you put it really well there because that's what a lot of clients that we've, uh, encountered have, where they've got a- amazing expertise around this one thing, right? But then on the business side of things, as you said, it is a different ballgame where it's like, "Oh, I've got to learn how to sell and communicate, and it's not as simple as me giving the price and that's that," and, "Oh, the... It's not as simple as sending a message and they'll book an appointment with me." It's a whole, like, dynamic, right? A whole- the whole infrastructure you got to learn. Yeah, completely. I mean, it's- it's another... It's basically another business alongside with your fulfillment, you know, that you have to figure out- Yeah. ... and- and you have to run. Yeah. Exactly that. Well, look, talk to me about pre- p- p- previously, like prior to even joining, right? What were some of the problems you were facing before you joined EasyGrow? And let's dig a bit deeper into that, and then we can talk about the solutions that you found within the program, man. So yeah, talk to me about some of the issues you were facing and what drove you to join the program to begin with. Yeah. Um, I mean the- the- the overarching issue is I just had no idea what I was doing from a business standpoint. (laughs) Yeah. Yep. I just... I had just no clue. I just knew I could... I knew that I was working with businesses that were making a lot of money, uh, relative to- to what I considered was a lot of money, like six, seven-figure entrepreneurs I was working with. And I knew I was saving them several hours every week. And then something in my brain was like, "Well, I'm clearly like... I'm making a mistake here with pricing, because if I'm saving... if this person's hour is worth 500, 600, $1000 an hour, and I'm saving this person three, four, five hours a week, you know, clearly... and I'm making $2,000 a month, I'm clearly making some sort of mistake here," you know? So the main, overarching thing was I had no idea, um- Yeah. ... about how to run a business, about how to acquire clients, all that kind of stuff. So that was- that was probably the main thing, I would say. Yeah. Fair. And then, I guess when you were... before you joined the program, right, as you just said there, you didn't really have an idea of how to approach certain things, but you were- Yeah. ... still able to get, you know, 1K a month here, 2K a month there and whatnot. What were you doing from a appointment-setting standpoint to get appointments and those deals to begin with, man? Yeah. Even the idea of appointments and setting appointments, all that stuff was... I had never heard of that before, you know? Yeah. (laughs) It was just you talk to people, and if you can make a thing for them, they give you money, basically, was my- was my understanding. But, um... So I was just... It was mainly my warm network, so it's people that I knew. Yeah, fair. I'm fortunate that I'm in a... I'm in a good place. Washington, DC has tons and tons of entrepreneurs here. Um, it's probably one of the best places you can be in the world for, you know, having a warm network and being able to talk and meet people in person. So it was mainly people that I knew. Um, and it was literally I would build something for someone, and they would say, "Hey, my other friends want the same thing. Can you do it for them also?" You know, that was essentially my- my entire appointments strategy. Nice. Nice, man. Love it. And then...Talk to me about day one of the program. Uh, you just joined this, (laughs) uh, and in, in your words you said you don't have a cl- don't have a clue about business, right? Yeah. How did you start to approach the program? Like talk to me about the general flow of things for you to get to where you are now, man. Yeah. I think, I mean, I'd watched, I came to the program 'cause I watched a lot of Charlie's content already. Mm-hmm. And so it's, one, it's, it's packed with a lot of value, one. Two, he obviously knows what he's talking about. And three, obviously his methods work because I became a client the same way that he did the same- Yeah. ... method he used in the program, right? So obviously, uh, it works. I think from my perspective, I kind of, from watching some of Charlie's content, I'd had the, the idea of basically almost being pessimistic with timeframe, right? So like in my h- in my mind, I think my goal for this year was to hit like 6K a month or something, you know? And I was like, "Oh, maybe I'll hit 10K a month in 18 months," or whatever it was. Um, but that, I think that helped me because you kind of look at the different modules and you see these videos that are two and a half hours, three hours and 45, you know, and you see these like monstrous videos. And I think if, um, if you're per- if you're approaching it from the perspective of expecting like an overnight success or anything like that, then it's going to be really difficult for you to sit down and, and go through the content and do the work that's, um, that's going to be required before you see the results. So I think I was in a good space in that, from at least that perspective, because I was- Yeah. ... prepared to, to put in the effort towards the program and, and act on the content for a long period of time before seeing results. But, um, I think that's probably the mindset. Yeah. S- the mindset that helped me the most probably. Yeah. I'd say, Messiah, you came in the best way possible because you came in with like a completely blank mind, in the sense where you didn't know business or anything beforehand. Yeah. So it's not like you took other programs or had some, "Oh, this is the way you should sell or this is the way you should get leads." You just came in with a completely blank sort of notebook in your mind where it's like, "Great, I can just, I'm just going to take in everything and just execute here," which is why you've done so well in such a short space of time, man. Um, so for someone that is just getting into understanding the business side of things, talk to me about acquisition genesis, 'cause that's like the foundations for everything, especially teaching you- For sure. ... how to think and ultimately how to be, uh, script-proof, how to be tech-proof if anything changes, because it teaches you how to adapt and whatnot. So tell me how you found that, especially as someone who didn't really have a clear understanding of how to navigate the business beforehand. Yeah. I think it's probably the most valuable part of the program, and I think it's, it's the most valuable part of the program, in my opinion. Mm-hmm. 'Cause I believe everything else is variable. I think the outbound systems you can, they're, they're, they're obviously very good and they work, but you can vary them to some extent, you know? You can, you can kind of change things around in the outbound systems or inbound systems, that kind of stuff. But the understanding the foundational principle of like, this is how someone goes from being a stranger to becoming a client, right? They see this and they see this and they see this, then you say these words to them, and then, you know, they're a client at that point. And kind of having that entire thing broken down, that was, uh, that was probably the most helpful thing for me. And to be fair, I have to go back through it again, 'cause I haven't gone through it in, I mean, the first... I've only gone through it the one time, that's when I came into the program, um, so I do need to go back through it. But I think that was the most impactful part of the, of the entire course. Love it. Yeah, love it. And that's what all clients, especially the ones I interview, tend to say, right? Because people easily get trapped into thinking, "Oh, what's the magic script?" Yeah. "What's the magic outreach method?" and whatnot. But that stuff, it doesn't matter unless you have the awareness of what to do with it and why it's built the way it is. Yeah. 'Cause then you can tweak it in your favor. And it's kind of like with what you're doing, Messiah, where you're building out your systems and whatnot, but you're not copying and pasting it; you're actually understanding it. Yep. You know, you're, you're completely right. You're completely right, and then it's, yeah, it's exactly that. It's the foundation of how to think and it's a paradigm of how to look at client acquisition. Yep. And 'cause obviously if everybody does the exact same, the exact same outbound systems to the exact same market, like, the obviously that's, that's not gonna work for everyone, you know? Yeah. But if you, if you can understand psychologically and also from the, the perspective of the market as a whole why people get interested in something, why they book a call, and then why they end up buying at the end- Yeah. ... then you can figure out how to design everything else around that. Yeah. There we are. Let's talk appointment setting, man, 'cause this will be a fun one. So before- (laughs) ... you, you were just going, right, warm leads, whoever, normal conversations, normal texts and, you know, whatever comes, comes, right? Yep. Talk to me about how things changed when you joined Easy Grow. Yeah. How did your appointment setting system evolve to something that was predictable, man? Yeah. Yeah, I didn't even know appointment setting as a term before, you know what I mean? Yeah. (laughs) Like I'm... I know what the word appointment means and I know what the word setting means, and I can get- Yeah, yeah. ... things mean together, but I, no i- no idea of the concept itself. Um, so my, before Easy Grow, I wasn't doing really any appointment setting. I would just work on projects, kind of talk to people and, um, and get work that way essentially. Um, and then from Easy Grow, that was the, that was the first time I had the idea of like putting people into different buckets of here's your market as a whole, here's the people you've engaged, here's the people who have expressed some interest, here are the people who have booked a call from that interest, and kind of actually having a pipeline that was, that I could visualize and, and, and see and understand what was actually going on. Uh, that was the first time I had that. And so then from the perspective of the numbers, right, of like how many calls was I booking prior and then through, um, through Easy Grow, um, uh, prior was, it was just, uh, to be fair, I would, I would get maybe a call or two a week prior, just random- Okay. ... just random stuff. Yeah. Um, and then with Easy Grow...I would say, uh, at least double that, probably five or six calls a week at the, at the peak. Nice. 'Cause we had took, um, with fulfillment I was, I've- Yeah, yeah, yeah. We spoke. ... we talk about that. And I have to get everything back up and running again. But, uh, but it was also, like, prior to EasyGrow, I didn't have a market and a niche, right? So I was just getting random calls from different people. And it's a very different thing to get three or four calls from people that you're specifically targeting in your specific market and niche, versus just random calls. Even if it would've been- Yeah. ... a situation of me going from two calls, two random calls before EasyGrow to two calls a week of people in my market that are interested in a service, like, that's a very different situation from a business perspective, and I think that even that would've been worth the transformation. Yeah, for sure. We'll actually touch on that shortly as well, um, but with the appointment setting thing, just to wrap up on this side, um, what, what system were you using to generate the appointments? BM Sorcery, LinkedIn, um, LinkedIn Outreach mainly. Yeah. I found that worked for me because the legal market's a very skeptical market. Mm-hmm. And it's very difficult to do, to do completely cold stuff to them, right? They have to at least be able to see who you are. Yeah, yeah. And see proof of your work and that kind of stuff, so I messed around with, um, with cold email a bit, but that's, I think in that market, it's very tough, I think, with cold email. Yeah. Yeah. And then am I correct in saying, Masai, you've obviously alluded to it 'cause we've spoken, you, you're predictably booking five to six a week. You can easily scale it up, but you, you've chosen not to, just to focus on fulfillment. Yeah. Yeah, 'cause I do- Yeah. Yeah, 'cause I, I still have to figure out the, the fulfillment, how I can build a fulfillment system that's more scalable. Yeah. Nice. Yeah. So people watching this, Masai pretty much went from (laughs) not knowing what appointment setting is, no system, and then he literally has a tap he can turn on and he's chosen not to turn it on as much because he wants to work on the fulfillment side, which is fantastic. So we haven't even maxed out the potential of the system, um, yet, which is so, so, you know, exciting for what's to come. So yeah, on that, Masai, uh, how does it feel on your end to have something predictable as opposed to operating how you were before, man? Yeah, it's, it's cool. It al- it also gives you... I mean, I, I don't know if cool is the best adjective to describe it, but- No. (laughs) ... it's good to know. (laughs) Yeah. It just lets you, it gives you more accountability and more responsibility because you know that whether or not you book calls and close deals is your fault, you know? Instead of kind of having it up in the air, you know exactly what steps you have to take in order to book those calls and, and, um, and get those sales in. So I think it, it just put a lot more power in my hands, essentially. Yeah. Love it, man. Love it. Talk to me about the niche side of things, because obviously as you know, you know, we go over the offer, William E helps out with the offer,audit and all these, all the good stuff, right? Um, you mentioned before you were targeting anyone and everyone. Yeah. And now you specifically focus on lawyers. Uh, how important was that shift in having the success you have now, man? Yeah. I think it's, it's exponentially important because on one hand, marketing obviously is a lot easier, right? 'Cause it's very difficult to, th- there's that, that common quote that if you talk to everybody, you talk to nobody, right? Yep. So marketing's a lot easier if you talk specifically to, um, to one market. I've even got, I got some inbound, some classroom inbound from YouTube, you know, because- Nice. Yep. ... tho- I mean those are great, those are super easy. Yep. But, um, but it's because I was using legal-specific software in my videos. Mm-hmm. And talking about specific problems in the video, right? So it was- Yeah. ... maybe a video that gets, like, 60 views but you're still able to close the client from it or something like that, so, um, the marketing side makes it easier. And then also from a delivery side, it's with automation work or any sort of software work, it's going to be extremely difficult to deliver. It's already difficult to deliver. Yeah. It's way more difficult to deliver if you're delivering for different types of niches over and over again and learning different platforms and all this stuff, so- Yeah. ... it helps a lot for marketing, also help for, for delivery as well. Yeah. Fantastic stuff, man. And, like, it's like you put it there, a lot of, a lot of the times people fear, "Oh my god, I need to niche down, I'm going to, you know, narrow and there's only a select few people that are gonna work with me." Yeah. But actually if you stay broad, no one's gonna run to you, man. (laughs) Like, you're just, you know- (laughs) ... you might get a couple clients here and there, and I've seen it firsthand to be honest, but it's like when you position yourself as a specialist, it's a different dynamic. Yeah. Everyone starts coming to you, even through your YouTube videos, man. People find you because you're a specialist. Yeah. Those lawyers would not have found you if you were some general automation stuff, right? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. And, uh, hold on, I'm, I was gonna say something. Oh, and I'm even thinking about niching down further, right? 'Cause there's like... I've niched down pretty far now 'cause it's not just lawyers, it's smaller firms I'm looking for, less than 500 staff. Nice. 'Cause they're easier to work with and they can move faster, and then also, like, tech forward, but I'm even thinking about niching down by practice area, so, like- Wow. ... probably probate law or, or probate and family law, I'm thinking about niching down even, even further. So I would say if somebody's afraid of niching down, is, you probably need to niche down even further than you think to get the- Yeah. (laughs) ... results. Yeah. For sure. That's it. Talk to me about, uh, sales process, man. So (laughs) I know before you, you, you mentioned it was like a sale was just a normal conversation, if they want it you have it and whatnot. Yeah. How has your sort of paradigm shifted after going through our sales training and just seeing that, what the actual sales process can do for you, provided you have the right one in place? Yeah. No, I have to be honest with you, I haven't even finished the sales training, to be honest. No way. (laughs) No, 'cause I just went through acquisition genesis. I was, I started my outbound systems and inbound systems, and then I was just booking so many calls, so I don't even- Amazing. Yeah. (laughs) (laughs) Sick. Yeah, yeah. I just been, uh, I literally just hop on, on calls with people and they talk, they talk- That's- ... what the problem is and I just close 'em out. Well, that's, that's crazy because it's like, and it's funny 'cause we can save the sales stuff for part two interview if you've got time for me, right? Okay. (laughs) So people watching, hold them aside to that. And we have a new sales per- module coming out this week, so the perfect timing. Yeah. But that's actually quite funny, Masai, because even without a sales process, quote unquote- Yeah. ... it just shows you the power of your offer- Yeah. ... and targeting someone specific, and the appropriate appointment setting, you know, process you use, by the time they do get in a call with you, provided you've done it right, which you have, they're already half sold it sounds like. Yeah. Yeah, basically. And I think I'm fortunate because AI and automation is a sexy thing right now, you know? Yeah. Very. If you get somebody on a call and they've seen, whether it's YouTube or LinkedIn, they've seen that you actually know what you're doing and that you've delivered for someone else, it's, um, I don't think it's as hard of a sell as other stuff is, you know? I think it's kind of, in some ways it's, I have the benefit of that, I'm fortunate in that, in that regard I think. Yeah. 100%. In the, in the sense that it's definitely a hot market, but at the same time, right, it's, uh, I don't want anyone thinking, that, that's watching thinking, oh, you'll do AI and suddenly, boom, it, it pops off, but because Masai's sort of, um, Masai's not giving himself enough credit here, 'cause he's spent a lot of time on his offer-

... asking the questions, even doing the DM Saucer and whatnot, there's a reason they show up the cool sales calls they do, and why Messiah is able to close them. So, no, that's fantastic stuff, man, 'cause now when you, (laughs) when we do start the sales process, I'm so excited to see what happens, man. Um, but that's funny, like, you didn't even have time to go through what we have now-' Yeah. ... 'cause you're just booking so many calls. (laughs) Yeah, that's basically it. It's just been calls and work. So that's the, my, uh, I would like to, before the year is done, I'd like to go through everything again and kind of- Fantastic. ... reposition myself for next year to have, uh, an offer that's more scalable, actually go through the actual sales modules and, uh- Yeah. (laughs) ... and actually complete the entire program and kind of- Yeah. ... do things properly. Yeah. Love it, man. Look, Messiah, I'd love to hear, uh, your, your mindset around that actually, because a lot of people, people that are watching, people that a- a- already clients actually, they always say, "Oh, I need to do the sales module before I start booking appointments." Yeah. "Otherwise I'm not going to know how to call them and whatnot." Yeah. With you- (laughs) ... (laughs) no problem at all. You just said, "Yep, appointments, let me just get on the call." (laughs) Yeah. Uh, t- talk to me about that mindset, man, and why it's so important just to get stuck in. Yeah, it's a good q- it's a really good question 'cause I had the same sort of idea of... I think I even asked it in the community at some point, I was like, "Well should I, what do I, what's the correct order of things? Is it-" Yeah. (laughs) "... after acquaintance is outbound, then sales modules, then start running the system? Or what, what, what, what the correct, um, what the correct order, I guess, order of operations would be, right?" But- Yeah. ... I think it's just not, not trying to solve a problem that you don't have yet, you know? Like if you don't have calls yet, you don't have a sales problem, and so you don't need to solve that problem yet if you don't, uh, if it doesn't exist for you, I think. Yeah, that's it. And it just goes to show that even if Messiah didn't close clients, right? (laughs) So somehow he's... I say somehow, but it's not, it's not common for someone to just crack on and 10K a month without watching the sales material. So I think you're a first, man. But even if you didn't close those clients, you would have gained a lot of knowledge. Yeah. And a lot of, like, learnings from just getting the calls and whatnot, which makes you better over time. Yeah. No, no, I agree. I agree. Yeah, and could... At the end of the day you have to just start, you have to just take a huge amount of action on stuff. So whether it's the outbound stuff, uh, mainly the outbound stuff probably, and the inbound and doing your actual, um, doing the outreach. Yeah. That's kind of the main thing because, 'cause ev- uh, it's, it's really good content, but end of the days it's just theory. So once you get out into the field, things might be different than what you, um, than what you expected and- Yeah. Super important. Sometimes consumption can be false, uh, sense of productivity. Yeah. It's just procrastination. So that's the- Yeah, exactly. ... danger with going through some of our pro... Like, we had a client who went through Self-transcendence like six times. Yeah. But they, the business (laughs) was not moving, and it's like, "Stop watching. Stop-" (laughs) "... doing anything." So to any of you watching right now, you don't have to be a client of ours, if you know you're procrastinating and you feel good about watching a video- Yeah. ... drop the video, pick up the phone, dial, and just do what Messiah done, take sales calls without, you know, bloody having a process. Just get snuck in. Yeah. So, no, well said, man. Messiah, talk to me about what you love about the program. Are there any sort of highlights that you personally, you know, like more than anything else? So for example, you got the videos, you've obviously got the group support, the coaching calls and whatnot. Is there anything in particular, uh, particular that really resonated with you and, you know, you liked above everything else, man? Yeah. I do want to say one more thing on the learning, kind of the Learning, Doing thing. Please go for it, man. Yeah. The... Yeah, I mean, I think the best thing to do is just learn, like get as much out of whatever you learn as possible, you know? So if you watch, if you watch like an hour long video, and that then enables you to take like 10 days of action, then it's better for you to just take all that. Like as soon as you watch the video, take as much of the action as possible. Send it. And then come back to the... Once you hit that wall that you can't... Like I'm, now I'm kind of hitting that wall again of how far I can go without getting new knowledge, right? (sniffs) So, um, once you hit that wall, then you kind of come back and learn again, you know? But I think if you can act, you should just act, and then if you, once you can't act- Yeah. ... then you should come back and learn, I think. Um, but then you were asking about the program. And to be fair, this kind of ties into what I just said, is 'cause there was, there's so much in the... Like the program, the program could probably literally just be Acquisition, Genesis, and Self-transcendence. Yeah. (laughs) Yeah, 100%. Yeah. Right? And leave it at that. And then, and then everything else you can probably, you know, give somebody like a Google sheet or something like that and then tell them to figure it out from there. You could probably do that. But the, that's, I mean, those are two things that I went through, and then a little bit of outbound stuff. And from there, literally the past six months, it's just been action and calls and then delivering that kind of, and all that stuff. Yeah. So I've massively under-utilized the program. I think when I was on the call with you guys, the Q&A last week, I think I- That was probably your first call, innit? Yeah. I think this is my third call, I think, that I've been on. Yeah. (laughs) Yeah. Six months. (laughs) So I haven't used the, I haven't really used the calls. I haven't completed all the courses. Um, but there's just, I mean, there's a lot of value in it, and it gives you a springboard to take a lot of action from. And s- even for me, kind of taking next steps, I think even just showing up to the Q&A on a weekly basis and having- For sure, man. Yeah. Having you and having Will be able to kind of critique what I'm doing and give me a little bit more clarity on, on which way to go is gonna be hugely valuable, I think. Yeah, man. It's one of those one. I have no doubts you'll probably join for the next two, three weeks and we won't see you for another six months. (laughs) No. (laughs) I mean, that's, that's not me begrudging you, by the way. But that's how, (laughs) that's a lot, that's how a lot of high achieving clients perform, to be fair. It's like even in the Mastermind, man, where I've had clients... So in our Mastermind, people get four events a year. I've had- Yeah. ... clients come to one, and I'll never see them again. Then- Yeah. ... I'll check in with them to see if everything's okay and wronk, or if anything's wrong, 'cause they paid a lot of money. Yeah. They're like, "Oh, no. We're all good. Sorry we haven't been in touch." Yeah. "That, that one event is all we needed. We're just ta- (laughs) we're just taking action." Yeah. I was like, "Oh, fair enough." (laughs) Um, but yeah, it's like you fit that same mold, man.Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And I, I think that's, that's really it is. Just, yeah, it's taking as much action as you can, 'cause there's even, even from some of the content on, um, on, like, Charlie's YouTube channel, you can kind of get your first steps from there, you know. Um... Yep, for sure. And the academy. Yeah, exactly, exactly. You have that also. Yeah. It's free, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, so ... Yeah, I think it's, it's just that. It's just taking as much action as you can. Yeah. That's it, man. Love it. Masay, uh, talk to me about your business operations, um, how many clients do you have? Is it just you at the moment? Which I'm assuming it is. Team members? Like, what you're planning for the future as well. What's the next revenue target, team str- structure goal and whatnot? Yeah. So just me right now. Love it. Um, yeah, so doing everything operations-wise. Obviously have the, the marketing aspect of things is LinkedIn and YouTube, and then outreach directly on LinkedIn, and I think I'm gonna start doing some ... I've gotten some stuff on accident on Facebook, but, um- Yeah. (laughs) ... started intentionally actually using Facebook on purpose to get clients. That's sick. Um, so yeah, so LinkedIn, Facebook, YouTube for marketing. Sales, obviously I take the calls. And then delivery, I do the backend delivery stuff as well. Um, so that hopefully ... Is that kind of ... Answer your question about operations? Yeah, yeah, for sure. You're basically a one-man army, man. And in terms- Yeah, yeah. ... of clients, you've got, like ... I think you've got four, you mentioned, on the call right? Yeah, four c- well, four clients on a, on recurring, and then I have- Nice. ... a couple clients on, like, project-based stuff as well. Sweet. Love it. What would you say is the next goal for you? So you went from zero to ten in six months. Yeah. What would you say the next six months look like for you in terms of revenue, and then also team structure and whatnot, man? Yeah, I think ... So the n- the goal I set in my mind is to hit $100,000 a month, and, and my timeframe for that is ... um, I haven't really set a timeframe. I'm thinking 18, 24 months, something like that. Um ... Yep. And then that's, that's just forced me, forces me to just reimagine everything I'm doing now, 'cause obviously what I'm doing now can't scale to that. So I have to think about ... I have to go through Easy Grow again, actually complete everything, and, and, um, and do some restructuring from there. So that's my main target. I think six months from now, I think I can be looking at ... a goal would be probably 30, probably about 30 grand a month, 30, 35, somewhere around there would be- Yeah. ... target six months down the line. Yeah. And it, it ... That's more than viable, 'cause right now you're doing everything yourself, and then- Yeah. ... the outbound, you're not even doing it at scale by choice. Yeah. And then f- even more funnier, the inbound stuff, you're not even doing it with intention, and people- Yeah. ... still come in, so it's like, great. And you don't have a bloody sales process. (laughs) Yeah. (laughs) So yeah, sick, man. This is gonna be, um, a strong, you know, second half of your tenure, which is gonna be fantastic, man. Absolutely love it. Masay, talk to me about how version one of you looks compared to the version that I'm speaking to now in terms of any identity shifts you've had in order to make the business work, man. Yeah. Uh, that's, that's a really good question. I think the ... Yeah, yeah. That, that stuff is, is really powerful. That entire module's really powerful, the self-transcendence stuff, um, and then I think what it is is the, it's, it's kind of tapping into the things that you've neglected, or the thing that's almost the opposite of what you are. So I've been ... Like I said, I was a professional athlete for a while. I've always been a really, like, type A, disciplined person. Just, you know, basically do work and, uh, and just achieve and perform was, was my standard for myself. But I, I was never really good on the empathy side of things, you know what I mean? So like- Mm-hmm. ... empathizing with where other people were, or trying to be, like, compassionate and helpful to other people, that was sort of my weak point. My, my thing was just, like, achieving, and if you, if other people are not achieving- 'Cause of the athletes zone and- Exactly, exactly. Yeah. 'Cause I was like, "If they're not achieving, that's their fault, and they can fix that on their own." Yeah. (laughs) But, um, obviously as a business, that doesn't work like that, 'cause you have clients and now their problems are your problems. And so it kind of tapped me into being more empathetic, thinking about how I can not ... 'Cause with your athlete, it's basically all about you, right? It's you perform- Yeah. ... better so you can get a better contract or whatever it is. Um, but as a business owner, it's not, it's not about you at all. It's all about your clients. And so- Yeah. ... trying to think more and put myself in their shoes more and try to really put myself at service to them and try to maximize the, the amount of impact I can have on their life, I think that's been probably the, the biggest identity shift. And also being more open, being more vulnerable in sort of the content I put out Yeah. ... and that kind of stuff. That's been a ... Those have been big shifts, I think, for me. Nice, man. Well, did you have any limiting beliefs prior to the program in terms of, "Oh, this definitely doesn't work," or, you know, "You can't set appointments like this," or, "Business can't be done that way," or anything like that? Or was it generally to be of a open mind and, you know, it was a case of you don't know what you don't know? I definitely did have some limiting beliefs. Mm-hmm. But I would say I wa- I was fortunate in that, in a few things. One, I didn't go to university, 'cause I was, I was playing football in, uh, overseas. So I didn't go to university, so I didn't kind of have that, that ... I never got that paradigm installed in my brain. Um, and then I didn't, I never worked in, like, corporate or, like, um- Yeah. ... the normal business world, you know? So I was ... Like, I didn't, I didn't have those two frameworks in my brain that said that this is the way you have to do things, so I was open to other things. But in terms of limiting beliefs, one was pricing. So not like- Mm-hmm. Like, I used to charge, like, a couple hundred dollars, I used to charge a couple hundred dollars flat for bills that would save people thousands and thousands of dollars every month, you know? And so, like, the, even the idea of charging ... I think before Easy Go, I don't think I ever charged more than $1,000 for anything, you know? Mm.'Cause it was, like to me, $1000 was a lot of money in my mind, you know what I mean? Yeah. Uh, so pricing was probably a big one. And then also, when you get the first booking from YouTube, or when I got my first booking from YouTube, that's a big moment, because it's, like, I was putting out videos, but I, I didn't think anyone actually watched the videos. Yep. And I didn't think anyone would actually book a call from the videos, you know? But actually putting videos out, getting people to book calls from the videos, getting people to convert to clients from videos, that was a big, um... Big. ... a big shift also, yeah. Yeah. Love it. That's a, that's a great one, man, especially with the YouTube, because we get it all the time where it's like, "Oh, why should I bother starting a YouTube channel?" Yeah. "No one... It's only gonna get 10 views, 20 views." Yeah. But it comes back to your niche. If it's niche-specific, those 20 people are 20 of your people. Yeah. Yeah? And those guys are likely to book a call with you, which is probably (laughs) what happened with you when you saw, like, "Ah, what's this?" Yeah. That's 'cause it's niche-specific. Yeah. Yeah, and I, yeah. And I think... I mean, it's a, obviously a long-term investment with YouTube stuff, but, like, the first calls that I got from YouTube, I was just like, "Whoa." 'Cause the people are, they're fully invested- They're so in. ... they're so invested- Yeah. ... and they're... It's unbelievable. It's basically like- Mm-hmm. Send me the Stripe link, basically, is what they said. Yeah, yeah. YouTube's a goldmine, man. Like, for us, for example, the best performing, um, sort of channels we have are, is over email or YouTube. Yeah. They are- Because right now, right now- Yeah. ... it's actually email, 'cause they're nurtured over time, but- Yeah. ... partner that with YouTube, it's like, it's like a no-brainer by the time they're on the call. Um... Yeah. Which is perfect, man. But no, abs- Can I just real quick? So, go on, go on. Yeah, yeah. What? Well, a two-part question. What... One, how much outbound do you guys do now? One. And then two is, is it realistic to scale a business to multi six, seven figures purely based on inbound, YouTube, and email lists, and that kind of stuff? Yeah, great question. See, we're flipping the interview now. So first- Yeah. ... first one, right, we actually... And, and this will be good for people watching as well, at this moment in time, we actually stopped doing outbound on our end, um, with setters, because we found that it was more valuable put, to put the time, and energy, and even budget towards ads, emails, and even making YouTube organic work, especially at the scale we're at. Um, and then to answer your second question, Masai, it's definitely viable.