# Max: closed $106k in contract value within 30 days

Okay. What's happening, everyone? Hope you guys are doing well. Welcome back to yet another client interview. First and foremost, I apologize for the lighting on my end. I don't know why I'm, I'm glowy. No, the lighting's fine now. Perfect. (laughs) I thought... I was gonna say, Max. It was your massive, um, W from the program- (laughs) ... that's causing this, but yeah. Weird intro aside, hope you guys are doing well. Welcome back to another client interview. Today, I'm joined by Max, another one of our amazing clients, um, from the program, who's only been with us for... I think it's just under a month where it's just been a m- just a little over a month. And, um, both him and his business partner, Gauge, who has not been able to attend this one but he'll definitely attend part two, um, they've already seen some really fantastic results. And Max, I'm gonna hand it over to you here, man. Why don't you introduce who you are, uh, who you serve, and the transformation you deliver? And then after, we could talk about that big win you had within the first month, man. For sure. Yeah. So my name is Max. Um, I am one of the co-owners of GM Media, um, and we do social media marketing for dentists. Um, and, uh, my business partner, Gauge, started the company about three years ago, working with a specific dentist to help him grow his social media and to help him grow, like, his brand authority. And they were able to kind of blow him up. And so because h- that was... Gauge's first client was dentist, this dentist, and they had s- so much success together, then we... I joined with him about a little bit... like a year and a half ago, and then we started m- you know, marketing ourselves to a ton of other dentists through this other dentist we had. Um, and so, yeah. So we, we basically helped solve a lot of the issues that dentists see with like, you know, just client acquisition, with, you know, their ads, with their social media, and just using it as a source for, you know, growth for their, for their businesses. So- Yeah. ... that's what we do. Amazing stuff, man. And, um, the, the lighting's back now, which reflects- (laughs) ... the win I'm about to share. So, uh, yeah. Great. So last week, you had a massive win, and if we talk about it last week, right, you were still within the pro- in the program under 30 days. Mm-hmm. So why don't you tell the people what that win was? And, uh, yeah, we can just unpack a bit more, man. Yeah. Well, yeah, we closed a $64,000 deal with, um, a dentist using kind of some of the outbound, you know, marketing strategies that they teach in the program. And honest-... I think it's our biggest closed deal to date in our... since we've- Nice. ... started the business, so pretty awesome. Yeah. There we go. And I wanted to give Max that honor there (laughs) 'cause it's his deal. (laughs) And I was... I just didn't wanna blurt it out straight off the bat. But yeah, just to emphasize, guys, again, um, under a month, you got the emails going, and when I saw the post, uh, the first win Max and Gauge had, uh, it was starting to... it was booking a call with Terminator Looms, which is one of our email systems. And then Max comes out the blue saying, "Yep, 64 K contract deal locked in and signed," which is absolutely incredible. So Max, uh, talk to us, man, in terms of how you guys approached the program, because, again, like we spoke about just before, right, um, you guys, it's only been a month, but it's like you guys are speed running (laughs) this program at this moment, moment in time. So, yeah, walk me through how you've been approaching it, and what sort of benefits you've found so far. Yeah, I mean, I feel like one of the things that's, like, really helped us is we've just gone in very confidently, and we've also... we, we're very involved in the dentist industry, like when it comes to, like- Yeah. ... who we know and the people that we talk to. So, when it came to, like, building these systems, we built it, you know, with that, with like these... our... all these contacts that we already had from other dentists. And so, I think, that one thing that really helped us is being super well-established, like in knowing people in our industry that, you know, that helped us to be able to grow this, like, email list that we were able (laughs) to start sending emails out to and stuff like that. But really, I just think it was more of a mindset thing, like with this. It's like, I feel like when we, like, first came into the program, we were struggling. We had a really big, like, um, lull in sales, like we hadn't done any sales in like three months for some reason. We grew super quick last year when we started, and then we totally, like, you know, plateaued, and we weren't seeing any growth. And so, I don't know, coming into the program, like, our mindset had to change, and I feel like, uh, that's one thing I loved about the program starting out. It's just like the first thing you focus on is your mindset and changing your mindset and getting yourself, you know, in a place where you're actually ready to give an offer that sells and stuff, so... Yeah. I love that. I don't know if that answered your question, but... Yeah, yeah, for sure. For sure. Um, in terms of, like, the struggles you're facing, right, what specifically triggered you to join the program to begin with, and like how did you even come, uh, come across it? Yeah. Um, well, me and Gauge, my business partner, we're both very big picture guys, and so we struggle sometimes with the details and like the, "Here's, like, the roadmap to success." Sometimes we struggle with that side of things. And again, we're also struggling with our sales, and just our own client acquisition. And so, you know, that is kind of what, you know, made us interested, and we, you know, we had a call with you guys, and I think... Just, like, I love that the solutions to prob-... there's so many different solutions to the problem of client acquisition than just ads. Like, I feel like so many other agencies were just telling us, you know, "You run ads, just keep running ads," stuff like that. And I love how... we just loved how there was solutions to client acquisition that didn't just include paid advertising. There's other, you know, routes to go, and I think that's ultimately why we decided to, you know, go with this. Yeah. Love it, man. Uh, you mentioned just before this, another problem was obviously the sale side of things. Talk to me about that specifically, in terms of the issues you were having, um, and what was causing it if you did know what was causing it, right? And how you managed to start resolving that upon joining the program, man? Yeah. I feel like (sighs) on the sale side, we didn't really have our, our offer and, like, problem solving for, you know, new c- clients. Mm-hmm. We didn't really have that side nailed down. And so, when we would get on sales calls with people, I feel like we didn't have very clear direction of how to, like, you know, bring the call to... uh, put the call in the right direction and actually, like, present our offer. Yeah. And so, I think we just, you know, learned how important our offer is, and that's something that we are struggling with, so... Yeah. Good stuff, man. So walk me through on day one, because, again, like I said, this, this is like you speed ran it, and I'm surprised you went through the mindset stuff and then the sale stuff and the Terminate Loom stuff. (laughs) So I'm very keen to see how you and Gauge, um, just approach the program, man. So walk me through day one, all the way up- Mm-hmm. ... until this point, right? Like, what did you do? Yeah. What did you get set up? All that good stuff to restructure the business and put yourself in a position now where, you know, you're starting to get appointments consistently with organic. Yeah. Well, I mean, when we, when we decided to invest in, you know, Imperium Acquisition, we decided if we were gonna do it, we were gonna, you know, go all in, and not just like do it half, half-ass it. Yeah. And so we kind of delegated a lot of our own other responsibilities to some other employees in our agency, and just decided to, like, literally spend all day every day watching the courses and, like, diving in. So whenever I was driving, I would listen to it. Whenever we were, you know, just doing anything, like we were always just like listening to the courses so that we could get through what was most important. Um, and then, really quickly, we just started delegating things between me and Gauge. So like Gauge would start working on sales, and I would start working on outbound systems. Nice. And I, I started tackling the, you know, Terminator Loom system course, and then he started tackling the sales course. And so, because we were both able to, like, put our, you know, focus on those areas individually, it helped us kind of get things going quicker 'cause Gauge did the sales calls, and then I got all the sales systems built. Um, but yeah, and then by the time... I mean, like, it only took like-