# Mohamad Alaya: $10k to $35k in 6 months

I want to give everybody a introduction, that you've done very well in the program, and you've been very much a silent shark, where I- I- I didn't hear from you for months and months and months and months. Mm-hmm. So now it's, "Oh, by the way, I'm doing double, triple what I was doing before." So that was cool to see. If you can give people a introduction of just what you sell, um, how you deliver it, who you sell it to, kind of price points. Just all the kind of basics. Yeah. Um, well, my name is Mohammed, and yeah, I'm a Muslim guy in Saudi Arabia, which is something rare. Like, I think when I- when I joined Easy Grow and I viewed the map, I was sure that I would be the only one in Saudi Arabia, and that was true. Yeah, I was the only one in Saudi Arabia. (laughs) You know, because, um, most people who join Easy Grow are from first world countries like the US, most of your clients are from the US, from Western European countries, from the UAE. People from the UAE are like basically US people, Western Europeans coming to the UAE. So yeah, um, yeah, I- I was, um, um, like you can call it, uh, an outlier, you know? Someone from a third world country joining Easy Grow. And I target people who speak Arabic, you know, because I speak Arabic, it's my native language, so I target these people. And I knew it would be a challenge for me to scale because of me being in a third world country selling to a third world country audience. Uh, but even though, like, um, on top of that, like, with your program, um, was really, really, really helpful and I managed to double or triple my business after joining Easy Grow. Mm-hmm. And I loved a lot of things about your program, and um, like even the pricing- Just by the way- ... like let me tell you something. Uh, like it's hard in a third world country to get crazy results as you show in your testimonials, like 100K per month USD. Well, that's normal if you're, if you're selling in the US, but if you're selling in Saudi Arabia, you cannot charge that much, you know, the purchasing power is low. But even though, like, I managed to scale my business now to 35,000 US dollars per month, which is great, uh, considering that I'm selling in a third world country. Like, I'm proud of myself. Yeah. And what- what's your price point? Well, um, selling two- two programs, I'm selling one at, uh, $133. It is how it is here. Uh, and it's expense, quite expensive for people to purchase. I'm selling the other one, which is my high ticket course at, um, $533. Mm-hmm. And I will push that to 1,000 to 1.5K USD. Mm-hmm. Okay. Yeah. In the future. Cool, man. And you've missed one thing, probably the most important one. You forgot to tell people what it is that you actually do for- for- for your clients. Uh, oh, yeah. Well, I teach English. (laughs) That's what I do, you know? I speak English well. I'm not a native, uh, my English is not, like I- I don't have that crazy accent like a US guy, but- Mm-hmm. ... I'm very good at English and I'm teaching people English in, um, Saudi Arabian. You can, you can succeed in any niche if you are very good at what you do. Mm-hmm. And in terms of the structure, man, is that- is that done as like a one to one, is that done as a group course? Because a lot of people would want to know, like how that roughly looks like. Well, for my low ticket, uh, course which is $133, it's just course material and community with support. That's all we do. And for, um, for, uh, my high ticket course, which is $533, which is high here, um, it is a c- it's course material, plus support, plus an AI tool I built for English language learners. So I, like, the- the idea was to have coaches, like the way you teach in Easy Grow, but I was a little bit smarter and I created an AI for English language learners that replaced all the coaches. It creates a study plan for you, speaks with you, corrects your everything, you know? So, no need for coaches. And it was, I could scale it more and be- be more profitable this way, by combining, uh, info with the software is great if you do it correctly. Yeah, absolutely, because you have to scale with volume, right? Being a low ticket. So you mentioned right now you're doing 35K per month. How much were you doing when you first came on board? Around, um, 10K. Yeah, I remember 10K, 10, 15K. Just, just a little increase right there, right? A very, very small increase. (laughs)  Doubling, tripling the business at that point. Okay. Yeah. And what was that, man? Was that like two, three, four months ago? Like, it- it hasn't been long. Yeah, almost like four, four or five months ago. Four months ago? Okay. Four months ago. Walk me through it, man. What- what do you think Easy Grow has contributed the most? First thing is product. Uh, guys, I'm telling you watching this call, um, anyone who thinks they are good at, uh, creating a product and they think, "Oh, I- yeah, I can create a good product," I can say that 95% of you, your products, I don't want to say, but you don't know how- how- how to create crazy products to dominate your niche. You don't know this, believe me. Um, the way Charlie teaches that in his programs is insane. Like, actually become a genius at creating, uh, an offer. You know, an offer is not, um-Like, it's not something simple like, "I can help you do this," or like, "I sell you this stuff." Um, it's, it's more complicated than... Like, it's like, uh, "I help you achieve X," um, uh, "in like," let's say, "in timeframe," uh, like, "I help you achieve, um, X and Y without Z, the main pain points." And it's not only that. Like, you need to, you need to have a deep understanding of offer creation. It goes beyond that, you know? And, like, I... Like, I remember the videos were long, you know? Like, Charlie, like, explained it in a very detailed, scientific way. The videos were very long. No, no guru, no coach does that even. But it was really helpful. Like, now I truly understand what offer creation is, and that's the backbone of the business. Without a good offer, build, you cannot scale, no matter what. Like, it's the backbone of your business. Like, to the point that, um, people reach, reach out to us on WhatsApp, and they say, uh, "Our friend recommended this course, so we bought it." That's crazy, you know? To hear. Let me ask you this, man. Was it... How, how did you feel when you first came into Easy Grow? Was it like a level of... Did you feel, like, humility or humbled in a sense? Essentially, what I'm asking is, like, how good did you think your product was then versus, like, what it is now? When I first joined, like, I was very confident that I would... Uh, like that Charlie is the best coach on YouTube. Like, I can say to you guys, like, he's the best guru online. And, like, even on the sales call then, like, when I was talking to... Like, I didn't talk that much. I said, "Well, let me join. I just, I just want to pay you guys and join because I trust Charlie and..." Mm-hmm. Um, yeah, it was... Your program was legit and reliable. Mm-hmm. Um, what was the question? (laughs) Yeah, in, in terms of your product- Yeah, yeah. Uh, his- Because you mentioned something interesting, where a lot of people coming into the program already think that they, they have, like, an insane product until they go through and realize- Yeah, yeah. ... what that would actually look like. So how has that changed from, like, what it was before to what it is now? Yeah, it was kind of a shock when I watched, uh, Acquisition Genesis, which is the module that, uh, in which Charlie teaches offer creation. I discovered that my, uh, offer was not that good, even though I thought it was good, so- Mm-hmm. ... I hired developers, I built an AI software, and I integrated it into my course. I worked so hard on the course. Uh, like, Charlie, like, makes you understand this in a deep psychological way. The way you talk to people, uh... Like, an offer is a broad term. Like, it's the way you talk to people on social media, it's, uh, your copywriting, the way you... To, like, uh, you create the copy of your sales page, your messaging, all of that. So it's not... It's a broad term, guys. Like, it's way deep, you know? And I discovered that I was doing a lot of stuff in a wrong way, messaging, um, the way I talk to people, and yeah, building my offer. Mm-hmm. Um, I... Like, s-... Like, the moment I finished Acquisition Genesis, um, I just hired some developers, and I made a full plan so that my product becomes number one in the Middle East for Arab people who want to learn English. Mm-hmm. And it actually is. It actually is, yeah, now. (laughs) I spent days. Like, I spent four months. I spent four months crafting my product. Yeah. If... Like, if you, if you do your product in two weeks, then probably it's not a good program, honestly. Yeah. Look, man, I don't know if you mind me saying, if you do, we can edit this bit out, but you've done it without even working on the business full time, right? You've got (laughs) other things going on as well. Like, you didn't have 24 hours a day to make all these kind of changes right here, um. Yeah, guys, uh, I'm studying medicine, you know? (laughs) I'm the busiest person. (laughs) Like, I'm in college. I'm 20 years... I'm in second year of med school, and yeah, I had time. Like, I, I remember I would go to university. Like, you know, we have breaks, so I would watch, uh, Charlie's videos. I would take notes during the class. Um, I loved that what... It was doable. Like, you can manage a business and manage college. You don't need to drop out. But if you wanna go all in, of course, you can drop out, but, like- What would you say- But, like... Yeah? Sorry to interrupt, man, but obviously, the program is quite heavy, right? There's long videos there, lots to consume. What would you tell the guy or girl that maybe already has, like, a lot on their plate and it's like, "Ah, can I even, like, devote the time to doing this?" I don't know what to say. Like, guys, if you, if you cannot watch 10, 20 hours on business, then you don't deserve to have a business. (laughs) That's the truth of it. Like, you cannot sit and watch a two, three-hour video explaining to you, explaining you how to create an inbound system, how to track your sales, how to understand psychology of offer creation. You don't have time for that. You need to have time. Like, this is business. I was hoping you'd say that (laughs) 'cause it's so true, but you have to make the time- That's the truth, yeah. ... and you have to make that a priority. Okay, so obviously, Acquisition Genesis helped you a lot in terms of offer and just getting a much deeper understanding of the business. Now, because you have a low-ticket offer, like, a lot of the parts of the program wouldn't apply to you, right? Yeah. 'Cause it's mainly built for people that are using high-ticket. Yeah, right. Was there any other points of, of value that you were able to use that helped you to go from 10 to 35K a month?See, now I'm doing, um, I'm doing the book-a-called funnel, you know. I managed to have some, um, some Egyptian sales reps, and I'm, I'm implementing the knowledge I learned from Easy Grow, and it's going well now. Like, I'm closing some deals now I'll onboard my sales reps soon. But the knowledge, uh, Charly has is crazy. Like, I know, I now know the metrics. So I know, uh, how to structure payments plans, for example, how to price my offer. Like, the main thing is metrics. You cannot scale if your metrics are broken. For example, you need to have at least 60% show rate. Um, uh, th- a 3X, uh, LTV for your client, for a client, you know. 1.5, um, 1.5X, um, for, uh, for, like, front-end, uh, cash collected, like, when they pay the first payment, you know. So these metrics, if you don't know them, you cannot scale profitably. If you, if you don't know how to ch- to track, you know, to, like, track your sales reps ... Like, I'm implementing all this knowledge now, and it's crazy. You've been watching Charly for ... Well, you already had a really good sense of, of his expertise, and I remember there was a very easy call that I had with you. Like, you, you were already sold- Yeah. Yeah. ... before you even kind of jumped onto the call. So a couple of things. How long had you been watching Charly before you decided to book him that first call? A long time. Like, I'm 20, I've been watching Charly since I was 17. Like, before going to university, before even starting a business, when I was in high school. And I wanna tell you something which is, um, quite funny. Like, I, uh, like, I binged his YouTube channel. I watched almost, like, more than 70, fif- 50, 70% of his videos. Like, when I would go to college, um, I would play his video, a YouTube video of his, on my phone so that I don't miswatch- like, I don't miss the value, miss out on the value, you know? Like, even if I have a break in, um, in college, like, between sessions, between classes, I would watch, like, f- five, 10, um, 10-minute video of his. Mm-hmm. And, like, I don't know why, but he- his videos feel real, authentic, and charming. Like, I remember one time I was sitting in, um, in a classroom, and we were studying about embryology, you know, how embryos develop, and all of that, and it was boring. Like, to the point that the professor said to us, "Uh, guys, if you are bored, go out, I don't need you, I will not take attendance today." And I was scroll- scrolling my phone, and I ... a, a video of Charly, uh, Charly's popped up, and it was, uh, how I, uh, work 12 hours a day. You know? And I said to myself, "Well, I need this. I'm struggling with time management in college, in business," you know? So I went out of the classroom, and I watched the video. It was, like, one of the ... Like, it was the best, uh, uh, investment of time at- I did that week, you know? Ditching that class to watch his videos. His videos are very real- Mm-hmm. ... but authentic. So the c- like, um, like, anyone who has been watching Charly for a long time knows that such people don't lie. Like, you see that from the value. It was a one h- a one-hour, one-hour-17-minute video, I think. So I ditched the entire class, I watched it, I took notes, and my life became better after that. And what was it, man, that after, like, three years of watching him (laughs) and skipping classes to watching him and everything- (laughs) ... what was it then that, like, prompted you to book him? 'Cause three years is a long time, right? What, what was the, the thing that made you think, "You know what, let's book in a call, and now let's have a conversation"? I, I, I knew, I knew his program was expensive, and at the time, I was broke. Sort of like, I was p- I could not invest anything in, uh, purchasing a program. So was just learning on YouTube for free, then when I reached a certain point in business, I said to myself, "Well, uh, this guy's legit. Um, I wanna buy his program." Mm-hmm. So it was literally just being ready financially and then jumping into this, nothing else? Yeah, yeah. I was broke, so it was only financial matter. (laughs) Yeah. And let me ask you this, man. Like, I remember it being, like, a really easy conversation that we had. Obviously because you had a lot of trust already, you, you had basically already made up your mind. Did you have any kind of hesitations or anything you weren't sure about when you were coming into the program? Yeah. There was one thing. Uh-huh. Uh, like, I was sh- like, I knew, and I was sure of this, that I would face some problems, and I would not get crazy results, uh, because of being in a third-world country. And it's, to some point, that is true, considering that I'm selling to a, um, to a third-world audience. Like, even when I would ask a question in the community, um, e- like, the team, like, the support team would recommend that I sell English programs in the US. Hmm. But I was already famous in Saudi Arabia in creating content. Yeah, so I tried, like, to be smart, to learn as much as I can to implement some techniques, you know. Some techniques actually don't apply to people selling low tickets. And guys, I recommend you only sell high ticket. Um, yeah. Uh, and I was ... Like, I refused at the time to do the high-ticket thing, because I, I, I used to see testimonials and people, business owners in your program selling five, 10K offers, and it is, it's almost impossible to push behind, uh, 1.5K here. Um, so I said to myself, "It's not that much worth it. Let me just scale up the low-ticket courses. It will work better." Uh, but now I'm starting to realize that, well, although, um, although, like, um, I would only be charging, like, 1K USD, let's say, but, uh, the, um, the cost per booked call is lower, you know. Uh, competition is way lower. So I'm making, yeah, I'm making less in terms of revenue, but at the time, uh, but at the same time, all other costs are lowered. The cost per book- like, now I book a high-quality lead at $5 here in Saudi Arabia. Can you imagine, $5, you book a high-quality- Yeah. ... uh, yeah, lead. And you close them upfront, uh, cash collected is, uh, like, you can sc- say, like, $200, $300. So- Yeah. ... it makes sense, you know? Yeah. Your profitability ... You, you're cut by two things, like, the total addressable market that you have, um, and profitability goes way up as a- Yeah. ... kind- counterbalance towards that. Let me ask you this, man. How did you get on taking teachings and systems and training that was in English through to putting it into a non-English-speaking market? Did you have any challenges there? Because I guess some people that we work with that aren't in an English-speaking country will go, "Oh, okay, I'm based in X country, we speak X language, but the training is in English, so it must not work in this market right here." Do you have any complications around that? Um, uh, see, uh, Charly sells to the US. You know, most of your clients are US-based. And the US market is the most con-

... competitive. And Charlie teaches what works in the US. So, if something works, um, let's say, 100% in the US, in your country, it will work, uh, 300% because there is less competition. So, it's an advantage for you because you have special knowledge that you will not get from the gurus in your country, you know? But at the same time, as you mentioned, you know, there's profitability. Like, unless, let's say, you are in actually a first world country, like you are in Germany, let's say, a first world country, something like that. You can... You are lucky then. (laughs). Mm-hmm. Because you are taking teaching from the US and you're implementing it in your country. So, you are, you are now, like, I'm way beyond my competitors. I'm way more knowledgeable than them. They are using tactics that are outdated. It will be interesting to see, man, where you go over the next couple of years because this is what you've done, um, four months, five months that you're working with us. So, what are the kind of next steps for you at the moment? In this business and potentially other things that, that you want to do? Um, well, my view on, um, businesses, each market has a cap. So, yeah, Charlie now, uh, till the time recording this video, he makes a million a month, right? I assume. Million USD a month. And he says, says it himself that there is a cap which is $3 million a month with coaching. And, yeah, it's p-... Like, the problem with info is, it's, it, it gets very difficult to scale. Like, it's one of the easiest businesses to start, especially if you implement the knowledge in Charlie's programs. But there comes a point, um, like let's say you make be- uh, like, be- behind, like, uh, 100K, 200K, 300K USD, you will feel that scaling this business becomes harder. And it actually is. Scaling an info business is one of the hardest thing to do. So, my view is, um, software, that's the end game. Uh, with all of the knowledge I got from Charlie's programs and other gurus online, I'm thinking of, uh, starting a software which is a minimalist version of GoHighLevel. Because the market here is uneducated, um, building that in the Middle East and scaling this, uh, business, because th- the whole game is, uh, retention. Yeah. You know? Uh, info busi-... Uh, info businesses are, um, acquisition heavy businesses. You know? So, if you manage to retain a client, that is way smarter- Yeah. ... than acquiring others. With, with this business plan, how far do you see yourself taking it? Software? No, with, with the, uh, English coaching. From 35K a month, how far do you wanna take this? Well, if I go crazy on this and this is what I'm doing now, I think I can take it, like, I was working out... So, like, I was doing math the past week, right? Maybe I can take it to 100K USD per month. A million a month is impossible, I think, though, because of the market cap. And then you need, you need to have enterprise value and that sort of thing. But being a one person business, like, I can... I think maximum is 100, 200K USD per month, and it's- Mm-hmm. ... it will take a lot of time to get there. It is- Yeah. ... difficult. Yeah. What would that be like? 500, 1,000 clients that you're closing per month every single month? Like, let's say, I, um, charge the highest, which is 1.5K USD for my program, and this is the price of an institution if you want to learn English in Saudi Arabia. So, 1.5K, 1.5K USD for my program, how many, how many clients do I need to close a month to make 100K? Yeah, okay. Considering that some of them will buy three payments. Yeah. 60, 65- Difficult. ... if they're paying full. That makes sense. Um. Let me ask you th- this, man. A little bit more personal, but how has life kind of changed from going from 10 to, to 30K, 35K? Well, honestly, like, it's absolutely the same. Let me tell you something. Uh, I'm in Saudi Arabia. And you know, uh, it's an Islamic country. So, there is no alcohol, there is no drinking, no women. Women here are covered. Um, like, we don't listen to music that much. We don't dance. We don't go party, drink, dance, women. So, if you are rich here, well, you can buy a car, but your life will be the same. Like, w- what do you do, like, if there are no women, no drinking? And I respect my religion, so I don't do that. Like, even if I go to Dubai or I go, go to any other country, I never drink, I never touch women, I never do any of that because I'm a Muslim and I respect my religion. So, that's the thing. Money did not change my life at all. I have, uh, two of my friends who are, who are close to me are living in the same apartment, which is... Do you know that this, this apartment costs 100... $140 a month? Mm. Very cheap. Really? (laughs) really. (laughs) Just two rooms, $140 a month. For each room or for both, in total? Both. That's crazy, man. So, what, what keeps you going? What makes you wanna scale more? What makes you wanna do those things? Beyond the kind of, I guess, the hedonistic kind of, uh, aspects that motivates a lot of entrepreneurs? Um-Well, I think it's a blessing that I was raised as a Muslim and been in Saudi Arabia. And, um, had to realize, uh, after watching s- a lot... Like, I watch each video Charlie posts. Uh, uh, and he talks in his recent videos about, um, like he says that he doesn't care about women. Even if she's very beautiful, he does not care about her. Um, eh, uh, he wants, uh, he wants, like, one girlfriend, low maintenance, uh, respects his time. Uh, he doesn't like to drink. He sleeps early. Um, he just wants to build. He always says it, "Build." And this is what I realize and this is what I want to do. And the culture here, the religion, the laws, they all help you to build, and I just want to do that. Like, let's say I make a 100K USD per month. I will keep living here, I will just grow my companies, and I will get more famous and become a better person and become the best version of myself. Just build and help people. Mm-hmm. Good news is, man, is- (laughs) ... you're on the path to doing that and you've scaled, you're making a lot of money. The bad news is, is that Saudi Arabia has lost a very good future doctor, (laughs) in the future. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Is that kind of true? (laughs) Worst case scenario is, uh... Like, worst case scenario for me, become a doctor and get a good salary, like 3K USD per month. 5K if you're lucky. (laughs) Well, mate, you've done, you've done really well because, uh, and you don't need me telling you this, of course. But, like, you mentioned your apartment, your rent is like a 140 a month. You were already doing 10K a month when you joined. Like, in, in- Yep. ... Saudi Arabia. That's, that's an extremely comfortable life, right? And so you're in the position where you could have been comfortable, you could have stagnated, you could have done the same thing over and over and over again. But you ultimately sought growth, you sought development. You, you, you m- you made a big financial investment at that time, and you pushed through that. And so, yeah, man, you don't need me to tell you that you're doing very well. But it needs, it needs to be said, man. You've killed it, and it's only the beginning. I don't think the Middle East is ready for what's gonna happen in the next five years (laughs) with the amount of stuff that, that you're going to build right there, man. I think also, as well, you're in a position where you can provide a lot of opportunities, right? You can provide a really good employment, you can provide really good jobs, you can build really good cultures because ultimately, you're a builder. But yeah, man, you've, you've crushed it and you've done it all in silence as well. Like- Yeah. ... I want people to know this, that I brought you on board, you went in the program, and then you just messaged me that you're doing 35K a month a couple of months later. (laughs) I was like, "Oh, that's, that's nice. Where did that come from?" You know? Um- Yeah. I, I knew this. L- like, let me tell you something. When I wanted to join the program, like before joining the program, I wanted to buy a Porsche, you know? (laughs) Hmm. Because, uh, where I live, like if you're... Like, the culture, like, the market here is uneducated, you know. People, people are not familiar with making money online, that stuff. And even like gurus on YouTube here who speak Arabic, uh, they're not that much developed in terms of content and all of that. So knowledge is not available for everyone because people here don't speak English. So I wanted to buy a Porsche at this age and flex, go to college. But then I thought to myself, "Well, why do I need a Porsche?" Like, let's be real, I was watching Charlie at the time and he was saying like, "You need to build." And I would a lot of times get sad for being stuck at the same revenue and not, uh, having the best program, the best AI software for English language learners in the Middle East. So I said to myself, "Well, I'm living very cheap. Uh, my ap- my apartment is $140 a month. No women, no drinking, nothing to spend money on. Like, just build." Like, I, I did not buy the Porsche. I joined your program, I locked in, and was the best decision I made. And I will never buy a super car. I don't care about that. I just want to build now. Yeah. That makes sense, man. And if you did want to, you can do a lot more now with the, the ... Yeah. ... confidence. Brother, I think we'll leave it here for, for now. It's been fantastic.