# Nacho: added over $39k in new MRR in one month

Nacho, my man, (sighs) glad to have you here, brother. Um, you and your brother have been crushing it over these past few months, man, and, uh, I believe that your story, like, genuinely needs to be heard. Uh, it's gonna be able to help a lot of people who are on the edge of making the decision to jump into this program, make the right decision, and change their life. So, um, this conversation is gonna be super simple. Uh, we're gonna go back and forth, I'm gonna ask you some questions. No wrong answers when it comes to this. And, uh, just flow like you're talking to a buddy. All right? Cool? Cool. Dope, man. Dope. So, um, before we get started, you know, like, tell me a little bit about how business was, like, before you started working with us. Yeah. For sure, Dylan. First of all, I'm so glad to be here, having a conversation with you. Um, eh, I will tell you that we've been running this business, like, for the last two years. Okay? Mm-hmm. My brother and I are developers, so, uh, we went in a very good run in order to have a very good salary, very good conditions, so we discussed, why not help another developers to, to scale their salary also? Okay? And we've been doing this for the last two years. It's been a real mess, a real challenge in order to get, uh, all the clients, all the product, and all that kind of stuff. And before that, we did this, uh, this journey together, with, with you. Uh, we were, like, uh, doing, like, a 30K revenue per month. Okay? Like, 10 clients approach per month. And our purpose, it's to try to get the closer as possible to the 30 clients a month. Okay? So it's, um, very difficult to do it without the help and the guidance of someone that it's already in the, in that place. So, I think that that's the main, uh, goal that we, that we have in our mind when we try to reach your help. Gotcha, gotcha. And what was the biggest challenge with hitting that goal? I mean, a lot of challenge (laughs) because, uh, client acquisition, it's not so difficult, but it's, um, change of, of focus. Uh, so I think the biggest challenge is to create and to build a structure that can be able to, uh, get the, the machine running and, and go, and you don't have to be in all the, uh, i- in all the business together. I mean, uh, to create a... create systems, basically. To, to be able to create a system for the sales, to create a system for the metrics, that this was one of our biggest issue that we had data, but not metrics in order to, to see how, how to, to see it and how to improve. So, I think that the, the biggest challenge is to create systems that can be replicable and without, uh, our presence. I, I think this the, the biggest challenge. Yeah. Gotcha. Gotcha. Yeah, and I think a lot of people come in with a similar challenge. You know, just not knowing what systems to put together, you know, for their businesses, um, to scale and to scale effectively. Right? Um, so tell me, like, (sighs) when, when you realized that this was a challenge, what made you, uh, decide that it was time for a change. Like, what was the moment where it was just like, "Yo, we have to find something that can help us"? Yeah. I think that it's not, uh, an exact moment, but it's like couple of months that keep hitting you, and it's like, okay, I'm making some good money, but I'm being more anxious and have more stress. (laughs) Uh, uh, and this, it's, like, very difficult time to process in order to, okay, I'm doing it well, but I'm not enjoying the, the journey anymore. So, I think at that moment, it's not about the revenue, it's about, um, trying to, to get the emotion and to, uh, to try to be again with th- this joy a- and to try to help more people, that it's also one of our main focus. To, to, to reach to the most possible developers in order to help them to, to get a better life. So, if you are not enjoying the journey, it's very difficult for you to, to try to run the, the business and to try to scale. So, I think th- this was the, the reason. Ah, yeah. Yeah, when, when, when the enjoyment leaves, bro, it's really hard to focus on anything else. Yep. I definitely understand that. So, when you first came across Imperium, man, like, what was going through your mind? Like, what was ... Like, were you hesitant? Like, tell me a little bit about what you were feeling. No. Not at all, because my brother has been following Charlie for a very long time. Okay? Wow. Uh, ih- if I'm being honest, I didn't watch a lot of him, because, uh, YouTube can be very consuming. So I, I prefer to, to close my eyes and to try to do the work, and not co- ... I consume so- some things, but to try to, to be focused o- on the main, on the main thing. Mm-hmm. But my brother is more focused on the marketing side, and has been following Charlie for, for a long time. And he had a closed-eyes confidence on him. Uh, he always, um, talked to me when he saw a video and, "Okay, we have to implement this that I saw on Charlie's video." And he, he thinks that Charlie is a genius. I, I, I also think now, thinking now when I also, uh, saw all the videos that are inside the, the Acquisition Nirvana, because it's, like, very insane, all the models, all the detail. Uh, it's a genius in, in the thing that he can all- actually deliver all that information. And also to ... It's a beast to put the work in order to, to do all, all that workload. So, very happy to, to, to be, to be on his boat, actually.Yeah. Yeah. I, I get that a lot, actually. Like, there are a lot of fans of Charlie out there- Yeah. ... you know, like that's following him and, like, trying to implement from the outside looking in. And they get inside and they're like, "Wow." Like... Totally deserving. Totally deserving. Yeah. "It's better than I expected." (laughs) No, no, no. Actually, I, I mean, I, I had zero hesitance because I really trust my brother and his criteria, so I was actually excited. And I, I'm not gonna lie. At the beginning, it was a little bit overwhelming because it's a lot of info, a lot of, uh, videos that you have to proceed and to watch. But also with your guidance, it's like, "Okay, let's focus on this. Eh, after this, we are going to the next step." And a lot of, a lot o- a lot of things that have been, like, very valuable. Yeah. Let's kinda dive into that. Like, what... Like, walk me through, you know, some of the things you guys actually implemented once you were in the program. Like, what are some of the things you worked on first? Yeah. Okay. Um, actually, beyond the actual implementation, one very important thing, it's the mentality module, okay? That literally blew my mind. In order to... Okay, like I said before, the money, it's good. To be able to help other people is good. But if you are not enjoying the journey, it's going to be a mess. It's going to be a hell. So, be able to stop and, uh, give to myself this time to try to recompose and to be the best self that I can, that I can become. Oof, a lot of tools in order to, to get that on point, and it was, like, very, very charming and, and very grateful to, to do this mentality training, okay? That's like a, a very important thing because as Charlie said, basically all of us want to do the work, but doing the work, it's not so easy if you don't have the right tools. So, it's like, uh, very, um, very useful tools in order to, to get a- and do the work and enjoy the journey. Yeah. I, I would say that this thing, it's, ah, basic and it help... have helped us a lot. And also the basics. Eh, okay, the Acquisition Genesis. A lot of hours o- of content also, but it's like, hmm, it gives me relief in order that, okay, I know the basics- Yeah. ... and a lot of things can change in the market or whatever or also in my, in my niche, but I, I understand it now. I mean, I've been doing some good things, for sure, because I'm at a certain point. I'm not a ha- a, a beginner. But to be able to, to see that what I'm doing, it's the right thing, it also gives you a lot of relief. So, eh, this was also a, a pretty good thing to, to know. That to, to see that some things that we were doing were the right thing, and to be able to, to understand the basics in order to, yeah, to, to get to the next level and to try to scale with all the confidence and unity that we are doing the right thing. Yeah. Dope, man. Yeah, there's a lot of great foundational information at the beginning of that program. And, and I tell everybody that comes in, like, "You need to go through this first. It's gonna change your life, and then it's gonna allow you to execute at a whole nother level." And I've seen you guys do that. I've seen you guys do that. Yeah. Um, so cool. So, when, when you look at, like, our relationship, right? And the engagement that we've had. We haven't been working together very long. Maybe like a month and a half, maybe? Yeah. Um, like, through this process, how has this kind of interaction with a private mentor and a, like basically a fractional CEO in your business, like, how has that changed the way you approach things? For sure. First, first of all, because it's actually a thing that push you to do the work, because you have like a, a meeting the next week and you have to deliver also to the, to the mentor. So, for not being embarrassed, that's, that's the first thing, that you have to put in the work for absolutely show up and talk to the mentor. That's the first thing. That it can be... sound a little bit silly, but it's not at all. To have this, this push, eh, for, for, for the beginning, it's like very, very help- helpful. And also, it's, um, very detailed, um, roadmap that we have to follow, that you gave to us, in order to... A lo- like I said before, it's a lot of information. So, to be able to have this guidance by a person that is following our success, our, yeah, our growth. Eh, I think this is very important in order to, to see that we are getting closer to the goal and hitting some benchmarks, okay? Eh, and also, actually to, to be able to, to give that feedback and if we have any block at all, to be able to know, eh... Yeah. First of all, what's your point of view about the situation. If we can do some change or... of the, of the situation, and if not, or what sales call, eh, implementation calls. At what call should we go in order to try to fix this? So yeah, very helpful. Nice. Nice. Yeah, man. I... One of the biggest things that we, uh, do, and I have the most pleasure in doing, right? Is holding people accountable. (laughs) I come from a football background- Yeah. ... so like coaching is like my thing. Yeah. And holding people's feet to the fire to get the work done is always, like, really fun. And seeing them do it is even better. Right? Yeah. So like, when you think back through the process and you have to think back a little bit earlier into this journey of yours, um, was there a moment where things, like, started to really click for you? And, like, was there like a shift that happened in the beginning that started to make things in the program really make sense? Yeah. I think I've had like two shifts in order to actually...... eh, see the light. (laughs) Yeah. ... uh, uh, at the end of the tunnel. And first of all, it's like, um, like I said before, the definition of, of Charlie about the basics in the acquisition genesis related to what the system is. I mean, it can be something very basic, but for me, click and... and it was like, okay, if I really follow this of every aspect of my life, I can actually deliver at every point. I mean, for business, for getting more sales, for getting more appointments, for going to bed early, (laughs) for going to the gym. Or, I mean, for everything that actually it's the, it's the goal to try to, to have a happy life, you know. So, actually, it was like very relief for me, a, a very relief moment in order to, to see that, okay, if I don't get emotional on this and try to see s- to see it as rational as possible- Yeah. ... I think if I follow this about the systems, I can reach whatever I propose. So it was actually a very important powerful shift, and also with the mentality model. I mean, eh, I, I don't know if on a specific part of, of the model, but actually everything in order to, to follow this path. And I'm actually putting on the work still in order to try to, to evolve myself to, to the man that has to do the work. Yeah. Yeah. And you guys are doing the work, so definitely proud of you guys on that, putting, putting it in. Um, so let's change gears a little bit, right? And let's start talking about the results, right? Like, what, what has actually changed in your business since implementing what you've learned? Okay. Eh, I would say that, first of all, we haven't implemented a lot of the things that we are also wanting to, to implement, because like I said, there's a lot of info at the beginning you have to do a lot of training. But we identified very soon that the two bottlenecks of our business was sold rate and sales, okay? Sold rate, I think has improved from 40% to 65 or something like that. Okay. With, again, our training system that is explained in the, in the videos. So it's a very good advance in a very soon period of time. And the other, it's the sale call that we are actually still working on it, because, um, to get good results, eh, it's not seen like in a very short period of time. But we already have a system, eh, we already have changed things of our offer, and we have seen that this is, eh, this is working. (laughs) I mean, we, we, we are going... We are having, uh, more sales, and it's like we did a couple of weeks to not stop but to, to try to, to put the, the foot on the brake, to try to, eh, build a solid infrastructure and a solid base. And I think that we are going to crush it very soon as soon as, eh, we try to scale in, in ads and whatever, because we are going to have a very good metric system that we are on, on point. So, I would say that the not really a system in order to increase the sold rate, the sale system that we are actually working on, uh, with the sale mentor and, uh, the YouTube organic funnel that we are also working on it. Nice, nice. So, le- let's put a number on some of these things, right? Like, how much have you added to your business? And think like revenue, clients, maybe even margins, right? Mm-hmm. Um, things like that since working with us. Okay. Let me have a very quick look, because like you- Yeah. ... said before, I think we've been working for the last month. If so, right? Yep. Yeah, I think so. And I think we've got like 13 clients since the last, since the last month, okay? And this is still, (laughs) meanwhile we are having like, eh, days that we have watched like five, six, seven hours of videos, okay? That actually not put the work in, okay? So like, like I said, we have done a lot of work in order to, to control the basics, to have the right mentality to actually put in the work. And meanwhile doing it, we haven't suffer any damage in the revenue, and we are doing like a little bit more that we were doing before. I mean, while we are putting all this time in doing the training. So as soon as we remove this time of doing the training and actually put in more vol- volume, in ads, sales, appointments, cold calling, I mean, if the metrics are, are good, we are going to, to explode. (laughs) Yeah. Yeah. And, and you said you added, you added 13 clients just in like basically the last month since we've been working together. Yeah. How much do you charge, uh, your clients? How much is the investment into your program? 3K plus taxes. Yeah. And- Yeah. ... that's, that's like $30,000 (laughs) or more. Yeah. No, no. We are getting closer to the 50K, uh, goal. Yeah. That is the first one. Yeah. And once, once we establish there, try to, to get to the next one. Yep. 100K, bro, that's what we're looking at. Yeah. That's like, that's the goal for sure. Yeah, man. Um, so like what does that actually mean for your life, not just your business? I know like everybody talks about, oh, the revenue in the business and like we're making this much money in the business, but sometimes we don't talk enough about like how this... how the success in our business affects the life that we're living, right? Yeah. So for you guys, what you've been able to do so far and what you're aiming for, how's that gonna affect you guys personally? Yeah, for sure with my brother and I, it's all about the family. I mean, we don't want any luxury things, no, not, eh, expensive cars or whatever. We don't like anything of that, nah. Neither a, a luxury style. We want to deliver for our family, to provide, and to be able to give them the best life that we can. So, this is like the, the motivation that hit us every morning (laughs) when we, eh, have like a bad moment with a client or we are, eh, on a bad streak in the sales or... yeah, because business is hard at some times. Yeah. So, when we are hitting these rough times, the main thing that is in our head is to keep going, because we want to deliver for our family. Love it, love it. Um, family is definitely a big one for me too, with five kids. Like, it's all about the legacy, bro. It's all about the legacy. Yeah, yeah. Um, so question about like verse... then versus now, right? Like, h- how was... how are things different now compared to when you first started with us? Just couple of things in the business that you feel like are just night and day- Yeah. ... and how things have changed? The first one that it comes to my mind is the metrics. I mean, we didn't have a, a metric system at all, and that's a, that's a mess. I mean, you, you cannot analyze anything and... Okay, we are doing good money, but we don't know if we, uh, try to get more, uh, budget for the ads if we are going to crash at some-

... times. I mean, it's like going blindly. So, so the metric system, it's the first thing in order to build a, a very solid base, like I said before. Um, the second one is to actually, uh, be able to know because of the metrics that we have these sales and so rate, uh, bottleneck that, okay, it can be seem very obvious like you have some problem or whatever, but because you have so many noise and so many things i- in your business that until you have that metrics that it's like screaming at you that I need to fix this- Yeah. ... i- it's really difficult to put the focus o- on that. So I would say that the best thing is for sure the, the metrics. Then the sales system that we are already working on it, but it's our main focus, thi- uh, think of of the metrics, uh, thanks to the metrics, and that's the next step. I mean, we have like another, another things that we want to fix, but for sure the next goal is to try to increase that sa- sales rate, sales rate, sorry. And we are working on it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I remember our first conversation was around tracking. (laughs) (laughs) Yeah. We were like, "Hey, where, where are the numbers?" We can't, we can't find them, right? We, we had the... we had the data, but we don't have the, the, the actual numbers, okay. We had like raw... No, no, actually we had the information, the raw information, but not the data. Exactly. So it was v- v- very, uh... yeah. Yeah. Cool, cool. So let's talk a little bit about the team and the experience with the team. So you guys have been going to coaching calls and things like that. Where do you feel like, uh, there was a moment where the Imperium team really showed up for you? Like, what happened? Okay, I would say like for doing the offer with Nor, uh, it's like because e- e- in this journey, you have like, uh, big milestones that you have to hit in order to, to be able to go to the next level. The offer, it's one of them, for sure. So actually, we did a pretty good job with our offer before, but with a little det- details, with, uh, the help of Nor, uh, I mean, the guarantee, um, how to do the, the pay, okay, if we can split or not, all that kind of stuff- Yeah. ... that actually it's like a detail, but when you have like e- hundreds of calls every month, this detail, like, compounds. So yeah, the offer, I would say, it's the main one, because like, like I said, it gi- gave us the, the confi- the confidence that we were doing the right thing. And also, the sales ones, because we are attending to the sale call. Our sales guy, uh, says a lot that these calls are very useful, that he is getting a lot of tools in order to combat objections, and he's also having some reviews. So yeah, I, I think that the more how did we have, uh, proceed with, with the calls are the, the one with Nor with the offer and the sales calls that our sales guy goes almost every day. Yeah. Awesome. Yeah, the sales calls, bro. Casper is a, is a beast, is a beast. He's definitely, uh, come in hot and I've seen him help a lot of clients, uh, boost their close rate in a major way. So definitely, definitely one of the best in the game. Um, so let's talk about future, man. Let's kind of jump into, you know, where are you guys headed? Like, what are you working towards right now in your business? A lot of things. (laughs) I mean, like I said, uh, sales. It's our main focus right now in order to try to, to fix these rates and try to, uh, convince more people to help them actually, because e- I know it sounds like a topic, like, in my sector, but (laughs) in my sector, it's like the, um, the people, it's very unconfidence- Mm-hmm. ... so it's like very difficult try to convince them that working with us, it's the best solution to, to the goal, to reach their goal. So the sales rate will be the, um, the main focus, and actually the product. I mean, I think we have a pretty good product because we have like, uh, a lot of, uh, testimonials and a lot of, uh, clients or, yeah, that have, have been successful. Yeah. Um, but I think that we have a lot else, else to improve. Seeing Charlie's videos and see the detail that you can actually deliver in the product, that's, I would say the, the two main focus that we have, um, increasing the, the sales rate, and I'm also personally putting all the, the effort and all the focus in improving the product in a lot of ways. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I love how a lot of our clients, including you guys, are just obsessing over their client delivery and building great products. Like, it always makes me happy because if I can help you sell more of that, I can help you impact more people. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. And it's like, uh, it always says that, um, the best marketing is the product. Yeah. So yeah, we can, uh, have a lot of appointments, a lot of sales, whatever, but if we don't actually deliver on that, we are like shooting our feet. So, uh, for sure, my... we are like three in the business, uh, the three ones, and my main focus, it's, um, has always been product and trying to improve the product. Yeah. Yeah, well, your clients' success shows it. Right. Um, so last question, man.If someone's sitting on the fence right now, right, they're trying to debate whether they want to get into Acquisition Nirvana or, uh, High Ticket Heaven or whatever, like, trying to figure out if it's right for them, what would you say to that person? I would say, first of all, that he or she has to be honest with himself and really think about it and, okay, eh, "I am doing it the best that I can right now," or, "Am I enjoying the, the journey?" li- like we talked about before. And if not, eh, actually this is going to help you a lot in order to, to get straight to, to the, to the thing that you have to put focus on in order to get better results and to enjoy the journey more, i- i- if you can. But also I would say, like, an advice that if you are a lazy people, you shouldn't be here. Okay? Because you have to put in the work. And if you don't want to put in the work, then you shouldn't be here, and you shouldn't deserve the results that the people that are, that are here is getting. So I would say these two things. Like, if you, (laughs) are ready to put in the work and to try to evolve yourself and to have more knowledge and, and to try to, to, to learn for all this biz, like you said- Yeah. ... this is for you. If not, I would say, like, stay where you are and stay with your results. Hey, I, I approve that message. (laughs) (laughs) That's awesome, man. Well, Nacho, I don't have any other questions for you, man. Um, if there's anything else you feel like you wanna share, you can definitely take the time to do that right now. And, um, and then we'll close this thing out, brother. No, nothing at all, Deven. Only thanking you and all the Acquisition Nirvana team in order to, to help me actually, eh, to, to get back to this, eh, journey and with all the joy that I've lost, like, for the couple of months. And very proud to be part of this team and to keep going, put in the work and trying to reach the, the best goals that, that we have. So thank you very much. No, no problem, man. Nacho, once again, like I said at the beginning, I really appreciate you, uh, doing this interview with me. And bro, we still got work to do. We gotta get to that- For sure. ... ******* brother, and we're gonna get there. Okay. Thank you very much, Deven. See ya later. All right. No prob. See you later, bro.