# Pedro and Akhil: $30k to $80k per month in 90 days

Hey, what's going on, guys? Glad to have you here with us today, man. Um, you guys have been absolutely crushing it right now. And, um, I think your story is going to be, uh, super powerful for all the people watching that are kind of on the fence and trying to figure out if Imperium is something that they want to involve themselves in. Right? Um, just give you guys a heads-up, like there are no wrong answers to these questions, man. Um, it's going to be super conversational, right? I just want to talk to you like you're talking to your buddies back home about your business and what's been going on. All right? Does that sound good? Sounds perfect. Yeah, let's get into it. Let's (clears throat) ... bring you guys. Um, so just to kind of kick this off, man, uh, before you started with us, right, you were looking at your business. Where was your business at? What was going on at that time? So, for the most part, it was just, (sighs) not flat-lining, but it was just on a constant sideline trajectory, where we were just going dirty or up and down, just around that figure. And it was just a, a period of irritation, because you're doing okay. You just can't figure out how to go up or down. (laughs) And so it's- it's a strange position to be in. We were trying everything and then didn't really feel to work. Our attention was great, but then we had feast and famine periods when it came to ads. Like one month would be ripping and we'd do incredibly well, and then the other, there would literally be zero acquisition. So then, (sighs) yeah, things changed when we joined you, but then it Was there anything you want to add, just in, in the history side? No, it's a similar thing. We've, like Pedro said, we were experiencing ups and downs. Um, and we were craving just that consistent, f- quick growth. And that's why we came to you. Got it, got it. And- and we were glad to have you, man. It's been a fun, fun time. Um, so the biggest challenge that you were facing really is just breaking through that ceiling. Am I correct? Yeah. It was- it was a mixture, right. So, the ceiling was just the thing, but then what actually caused the ceiling was, we were charging way too little, too little. And then we were also just struggling with the ads consistently. So, like I said, just the ups and downs just didn't allow us to break through. Yeah. Yeah. I think- I think the main problem was just booking meetings in the calendar consistently, and having the- the show rate to back it. Got it. It's all about the metrics, man. It's all about the metrics. So, what made you guys decide that, like, something needed to change? Like what was the moment that you looked at it and was like, "Man, we gotta change this"? (clears throat) I mean, to be honest, we weren't even looking to- to come into- to the mastermind at all, um, into Imperium. We were just having a call, we got referred, and we thought, "Let's... Look, we've got nothing to lose by jumping on the call." Uh, and then essentially just saw the value in what was being provided on that call, and made it happen, essentially. Yeah. Okay. Was- was there any hesitancy? Like what was in your mind when you first like got introduced to everybody in Imperium? Absolutely, there was hesitancy (laughs)- (laughs) ... before jumping in. It's a- it's a big investment, don't get me wrong. And, at the time, we were in a period where we weren't seeing loads of acquisition. So, we were like, "Uh, what do we do?" But at the same time, you've got to- you've got to take risks and you've just got to put it on and spin the wheel and see what's- what comes out of it. Yeah. Yeah. For us, it was really a logical buying. We didn't really care about the emotional side of things. Jack didn't try to sell it that way. He just listed all of the features and he said, "What do you think?" (laughs) And we were just trying to figure out how we wanted to move forward. It wasn't a if, yes or no. But for us as well, because we've been following Charlie for a long time, we- we know that if his name is attached to a product, we can trust it. So, there wasn't really hesitation in terms of, are we going to see the value in this? Are we going to see a return? It's just, do we need this right now? And, if so, how can we make it happen? Dope. Dope, guys. So, you just- you- it made- made sense in your mind and you- and you went with it? Yes. Yes. That's actually a rare thing for most people. (laughs) Um, cool. But, when you- when you walk through, like, first getting in the program, and what you im- implemented first, like what were some of the things that you did first when you got in? Well, we were told... Well, we had the onboarding call where we were told to completely restructure the business and the way we did it. So, during that call, we were told to move in to the info space, um, and stay away from the, I guess, now I'd call it low ticket, uh, done-for-you space. What we were charging was just con- completely not enough. (laughs) Compared to- Yeah. ... what we should be charging and- and how- how things were going. So, uh, as soon as we got- got off that onboarding call, we started cracking on and creating the course. Nice, nice. And you're still working on that, right? Yes. So, that's- Like- ... still a work in progress. Obviously, after the mastermind, uh, we- we realized that we just weren't where we needed to be, um, with you need the bandwidth to create the course and you need cashflow (laughs) to create the course. So, we needed to get our shit in order to be able to do that. So, we- we essentially are having a bit of a detour almost, short detour, but definitely gonna be back in the game, uh, with- with building this course out ASAP, really. Yeah. Yeah. Definitely after the month you guys have had, for sure. Yeah, we made a mistake at the beginning- (laughs) ... because we got off the offboard- the onboarding call and we're really excited like, "Cool, we're gonna create this DIY and that's the only thing that matters in life right now." So then, to- to an extent, we almost abandoned the business whilst we were watching Easy Grow and, uh, Consultant Nirvana. And as you know, like they're very, very in-depth, long videos. And then we just said, "Create the course ASAP so we can ship it and get it out." But-... with that being said, we did take a bit of a revenue hit because we couldn't apply a full focus to the business at the time. But then the mastermind really just repositioned things the way that they should be. So now, we've just going full throttle on DFY to create that stability Mm-hmm. ... but then also create DIY in the process is really, has been really working for us. Yeah. Yeah. And so like, when you look at the strategies and some of the frameworks and systems that you picked up being in the mastermind, and going through some of the other course material, um, what do you think made the biggest impact for you? I wouldn't, I wouldn't say it was the course material, because with High Tech Heaven, we get access to, to all of the mentors and the people within the group itself, right? So, obviously having you, being able to just get that... sanity check, is probably I want to call it. And then also just being able to direct us in the, in the right places, so we focus our time and effort where it needs to be is very, very helpful. But then also just having the one-ones with the folks, or the consulting calls with the group is, is massively beneficial. The single best thing that happened to us this whole time is that one one-on-one that we had with Lauren, and then every single subsequent group call that we've had with her. She's, she's absolutely fixed it for us and that's how we've been able to print to the extent that we have right now. Not saying that it's a lot. There's a lot more to come, but without her, it just wouldn't have been possible in the beginning. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So would you say like, that... Oh, go ahead, Cale. Well, to add to that, I would have said the, the actual mastermind itself in Amsterdam, getting to speak to Charlie and Beau, and having them look at our business and just give flat out advice and just tell us what to do is just extremely helpful. You know? Yeah. When, when you go into this, or anyone looking to go into this, it's important to just have that conviction with who you're dealing with, um, and just listen to what they say almost blindly. Uh, he told us to almost, like 3X our prices, um, and for some reason, I just fol- like, just followed it. (laughs) Uh, and that's how it should be 'cause they are mentors and they, they have good reason for saying what they say. Yeah. That's generally been the strategy. We just, whatever you say goes. Like we don't, we don't care what you say. If you say that we need to do X, we'll do X. If you tell us to jump, we'll say how, how high. And so far, it's been paying off, so... Yeah. Nothing wrong with a little blind faith when you got the type of experts like Charlie and Beau leading you. Yeah, but that's what's important. I say paying off for it. (laughs) Yeah. Yeah, that's what's important because we've had mentorships in the past where we, we've done that, and it's led us way the wrong way. So- Yeah. (laughs) ... actually being led in the right direction has been, has been nice for a change. Yeah. Yeah. They, they know what they're doing, man. We, we, we joke on that internally sometimes when we look at clients', uh, success. We're like, "Man, such and such did this this week." It's like, almost like we know what we're talking about, guys. (laughs) It's so funny. Almost. (laughs) Yeah, almost. Um, so it sounds like the moment of change was that meeting with Lauren, and, and the things that she, she brought to the table for you and helped you optimize on. Would that, would that be true So, I said that. Forgetting that Beau and Charlie told us to 10X our prices, obviously it's a mix and match, right? Having the leads and the schedules to actually be able to pitch them to was number one, but then Charlie and Beau just telling, uh, Cale to just up the prices obviously contributed as well. But actually having some form of pack- pipeline, it, it feels incredible. (laughs) Like, we're not in a survival position constantly, because we need to retain these clients or else, because we know that things are coming in, and leads are abundant. So, right now, we're at, uh, just over 500 a day on ad spend, and this is like, this is a position that we used to dream of being in. And shortly, we're gonna be on 1,000 a day, and so on and so on. So, that, Lauren enabled the beginning of that Yeah. Very pivotal. Lauren is a beast. She's very good at what- Lauren's a G. Lauren's a G. 100%. 100%. Cool, guys. Well, well, kind of let's talk some, let's talk some results, right? I think we've talked a couple of things, uh, throughout this process, but let's continue that conversation around like, what has actually changed like, in your business, since you've been starting to implement the things that Lauren and Charlie and, and Beau have been, uh, bringing to the table for you guys, as far as strategy? Sure. So, our highest month before joining Imperium was 35,000, and this month, we're at 80. Nice. Major. Almost there. Just a little over 80, but I, I don't know which one it is. Yeah. Yeah. We have, we have one in the pipeline that's coming tomorrow, which is a bit annoying. (laughs) 'Cause we're, we were close enough to the 100, but you know, it just gives us another month to get there. So- Yeah. Keeps us, keeps us motivated. But, but yeah, still extremely grateful to be where we are at. You know, if someone told me two months ago, "You'd be at 80K," I'd be like, "Yeah, get out of here." (laughs) Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's a bittersweet situation though, because we were aiming for 50, and then we got to 50 and we celebrated for about two seconds, and then we, we were pissed off that we were not at 100. So then, we start pushing for, for 100. We get to 75 and it's like, "Yeah, but we need the additional." Like, "This isn't enough." So I'm, I'm, I don't know when it will be enough, but I kind of like the chase. Yeah. No, the chase is nice. But I will say, I will say, it's, the feeling is very, very optimistic because we, we were able to achieve this, and we know that this is just the beginning. And then, obviously, with you guys' advice, we're hiring a media buyer, and I just saw some of the applications that Christina sent through, and I'm, I'm almost feeling like our business is too small for them. Like, but again, we'll, we'll follow blindly and make sure that we just keep evolving and keep growing. Yeah.No, guys. That, it's a major month, man. Take the time, always take the time to celebrate because, like, these milestones, um, they, they become, they become the memories of the beginnings of your business. Right? Mm-hmm. And if you don't celebrate them, you, you kind of build a habit of not celebrating the wins in your life, right? And the, and the sm- even the small ones, right? Going from s- 50 to 75 in, like, a week, right? That's hu- You had a 25k in revenue, and you were just trying to get 50 in a whole month. It's crazy, right? It's kind of crazy. Um, so yeah. Definitely proud of you guys and the work that you have s- been putting in. Um- Appreciate it. ... let's talk about something that most people don't really bring up and, and that is, like, as great as the business wins are and the revenue wins are, what do these things, what do these revenue wins mean for you guys personally, like, in your lives? Personally, right now, uh, brutally honest, not much. (laughs) Yep. Because it hasn't hit yet. We haven't, you know, we haven't had the m- like we said, the minute, and just that constant growth to be able to take ou- take a step back and appreciate it. Um, we've grown and scaled very aggressively in a short period of time, and right now it's more like, how can we make sure that this is maintained and then built upon rather than being in a situation where we've done this, great, and then we shit in the bed next week, you know? (laughs) We don't want to be in that situation. Um, however, look, providing this maintains is, is huge, uh, personally, you know? It's the reason we started the business, to be able to provide for the people we care about and, and actually build a life for ourselves, you know? Build some, some security in life and, and make sure that, you know, there's some wealth being generated. Yeah. Just to add to that as well, Akil and I did make an agreement that we're not allowed to touch any of the funds for the next three months. So we'll find out then. I love to hear it. I love the challenge. That's one, that's a, that's a smart, smart move because I've seen so many business owners, um, that I've coached and seen come through programs that do major months, even like two, three in a row, like 100k, 150k, 200k months, and the next thing you know, like, like they got a, they got a boat or, like, a, a Porsche or, like, a, like... What's happening? Right? Because you just don't know. Like, you, you want to build that strong foundation, like you just said, Akil, uh, so that then you can build a lifestyle on a foundation that's solid. Right? So- Yeah, and that's a mistake that, that we'd made is just making money and then pretty much spending it. And that, that's not to say we didn't spend on Porsches and flash stuff. Yeah. It was more just putting it straight back in the business and trying to grow it, but in the wrong directions. So right now, we're at a phase where we need to, we wanna build that runway, and like I said, that security, um, before we are actually able to, you know, enjoy the fruits of our labor. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. And we, we are investing heavily, like obviously having the recruitment services of you guys, and then the OT that we're gonna pay out for this and then also that and then the other. So, like, this is going in the right direction, just evolving our services and our business as a whole. So, like, yes, we're not allowed to touch the money ourselves, but the business is massively benefiting from the, the cash injection. 100%. I agree with that 100%. Yeah. So let's kind of do a now versus then, right? How do things look now compared to when you first started your engagement with, um, Imperium? Uh, f- exciting and hopeful I'd say are the two, two big, or good words. Because before we joined, it was almost a sense of, we've tried everything and we've just not been able to hit it. And Pedro and I both work very hard, uh, and spend a lot of our time just working, uh, and then to just continuously do that for an extended period, years, um, and just not get to that next level, it, it becomes quite tedious. So you're left with your, your hands in your head thinking, "What we're gonna do?" And then obviously having that switch and, and seeing the opportunity and now being able to take it there, it just opens your eyes. And like we said, it's just the start, so it, it is definitely hopeful and the future's bright. Yeah. Yeah. Anything to add to that, Pedro? I think just put perfectly, it's like you're always gonna keep working hard, and you're always gonna be stressed, but the stress flow is so much nicer to have now. (laughs) It's like, "I'm stressing over the right things," kind of thing. Like, "I'm growing too quickly. Oh, no. What a problem." You know? Like... (laughs) Yeah. It's exciting, and the word I would use is just optimistic. Yep. Love it. Love it. Yeah, something about having hope, man. It just keeps you rolling, keeps you fired up every morning to go after it. Absolutely. Yeah, man. So I don't like to, to, like, toot my own horn or ask me any questions about myself, um, but I know we've been working together for about a m- what, a month now? A little bit over? Um- Yeah, just a, a month now. Yeah, yeah. (laughs) (laughs) Uh, so what has, like, working with me specifically been like? Like, what stands out to you about our, our engagement and our relationship? Yeah. Honestly, I'll probably say this is the worst part of the mentorship. Like, I... No, I'm joking. It's, it's been great, you know? Like, for myself- Yeah ... again, having the direction, just week on week, just when we wander strayed from the actual objective, you just pull us back in. Even if we're one degree away that's too far, and then you're just there to give us a sanity check. If something goes wrong, you're there to, you're, you're there to give us sense. (laughs) And then obviously pulling us in the right direction with one-on-ones with coaches and this, that, and the other. It, it just keeps us, again, actually going for the thing that we wanna go for, as opposed to the next shiny thing, which I, I think we're decent at that. But just having you there to reiterate and keep us grounded is helpful Love it. Love it. Yeah. Also, to, to kind of echo on that, it's, it... You've been the key, um, because every day, like, Pedro and I are very much still in the business, uh, working on whatever we need to work on. And for you to have a high-level view, just to be able to kind of step back, like Pedro said, gives us that direction. It's exactly what we needed. You know, Pedro's already, uh, praised, uh, Lauren about how great she's been for us, and that wouldn't have happened if we didn't jump on that first call with you, 'cause that's what kickstarted that whole process. So you've, again, pulled us in the right direction. And yeah, to say the least, we wouldn't have been, we wouldn't be here right now if it wasn't for, for you. Hey. I do, I do wanna double down on what you said. So even before joining, or before you joining, I barely ever attended any of the group calls because it felt confusing as to what I needed from them. And then actually jumping on with Lauren because of your direction, I, I, it opened my eyes to, like, "Oh, shit. I need to be in all of these. Not only hers, but everyone else's." And then since then, it's been so beneficial. But then...

... um, honing in on what Akil said about being the key. Cool, we got to this stage, I'm now hiring for a media buyer. And you're like, "No, actually we have this other service which you should be using." And now again, like, I have just got the applicants, or the, the first round of applications, and it's, it's incredible the talent because I would not have been able to source them myself. And especially within a four-day period. (laughs) I think that's how long it's been since she's put out the marketing, or she's started marketing the role. Yeah. Yeah, Christina is a beast, man. She's a beast. Uh- Yeah. Tough to swallow the price, I, I would have to say. But there's a reason why you guys charge that much. Yeah, yeah. You should see what we pay for our talent. (laughs) (laughs) I believe you. Oh, uh, Ben as well. So with the right direction, Ben has literally helped me from start to finish on, um, what I need for a media buyer, the job description, the, the OTE, the systems I need, everything. But again that, that all started with Devin. Yo, yo, I appreciate that, guys. I appreciate it, 100%. It's one of my... It is my favorite part of the business, is the client success and coaching and guiding people. So, appreciate that big time. Um, so there are other, you know, experiences that you've had in the, in the program. But one of the biggest ones that we always like to touch on is, like, like, going back to what you needed most when you first started, right? What was that? And do you feel like you got that coming into the program? Yeah. We- Pipeline. (laughs) Yeah. We need a pipeline because without that, the... Well, a pipeline solves all- Yeah. ... and we didn't have any. (laughs) So we desperately needed that. But then also what's, what's been good is the network that we're, we're creating as a result of being in the Mastermind as well. And then just connecting with everyone in person was a very, very cool experience. And then, Akil, sorry to interrupt you there. No, this is pretty much said perfectly. Uh, we needed the flow, we needed the lead flow, we needed the meetings booked. And again, you, you, we brought that to us just through the, the strategies that, that you said. You know, we weren't, we weren't afraid of trying new things and running different systems. The problem is, we ran ourselves dry doing that, so we just didn't know where to go. And obviously having that shift has, has absolutely changed everything. Awesome, awesome. That's always ready to hear, because I know a lot of people come into the program and they're like, "Man, am I gonna actually get what I need here?" Right? "Is this for me?" And, um, it's always cool to hear how many people came in with different, different levels of things and challenges and bottlenecks, and they found the, the resources to get, get over them, so- Yeah. ... thank you for sharing that. It's, it's easy to s- for people to say, 'cause I've been a victim to it myself. Like, it's easy for, for anyone to say, "I know what I need to do, I'm just gonna crack on with it and get to work." You know, th- that's not gonna get you too far, because it's, uh, there's always something on a higher level that you're just not looking at, because you're just trying to crack on with whatever you're doing. And that's why we need the, the, the program itself. Yeah. There's a saying that the mindset and paradigm that got you where you are now can't get you to the next place. Right? There always has to be- Mm. ... some kind of elevation in the way you think, the way you see things. And usually that comes from an outside experience or source. So definitely on point there, definitely on point. So let's talk future, guys. Like, where are you headed next? Like, what are you working toward right now, uh, as you have this foundation built of pipeline and leads and closing already kind of solid. What's next? Consistent six-figure months to begin with is the next, you know, goal. So for some context, we have got to where we are through having a few per three-month pay-in-for's. And they're great as long as we maintain that for a few months to make sure that that's reoccurring, and obviously ensure the results are there as well. So we wanna make sure that we're a consistent growing real business. We're not here just to mess about and make some money and run away and have fun. So- Yeah. ... that's what's in it for us. We're, we're looking to grow consistently, get to seven figures, um, and more, uh, on a, on a regular basis. Like, that's the new standard essentially. Mm-hmm. And then building on what Akil said, like, our desire and objective is to genuinely be the best, best in our industry, and then beyond. Like, if anyone thinks about skill, whether it's lead gen or, or anything else, it should be us that they think about. So we're actively focusing on improving our results and making sure that no one can say a bad word about us, because we genuinely care, and we're constantly going above and beyond, looking to improve and looking to drive the results. I dig it. I think, I think client obsession is definitely in alignment with what we believe in too. And that sounds like exactly how you guys feel about your business and the impact that you want to make, so... Yeah, I think, I think Charlie said it, um, saturation only exists at the bottom, bottom. So I think because we're no longer there, it's the reason why we're able to charge the prices that we charge and secure the PIFs. Obviously Akil's a great salesperson as well, don't get me wrong, G. But the fact that we get such great results, it means that we're not competing for scraps, but then it should only be the beginning. (laughs) So- Yeah. ... client obsession and client results is, is what's gonna keep us striving. 100%. 100% agree with that. So guys, this is gonna go out into the internet, and there's gonna be another person, another business owner, another business, couple of business partners watching this, and on the fence, like-... wondering, "Should I, should I jump in? Should I get into Imperium? Should I, should I take the leap," right? What do you have to say to someone who's sitting on the fence right now tryin' to make that decision? It's a no-brainer. Just get it done. (laughs) You know? Yeah. Wh- whatever it takes, whether you gotta put that on the credit card or whether you gotta borrow, steal, or beg, whatever it is, you know. Like, I'm not just sayin' that just because we're here, I'm, I'm sayin' that 'cause the results are real. The people you meet are real. And the guidance is, is nec- is, is exactly what you're gonna need, you know. What- whatever the program costs, you'll make that back in, in two or three deals. Like, (laughs) i- it's ridiculous. Yeah. And then, I would just say that, obviously what Akil said, it's because we did it ourselves. Of the first course or mentorship that we bought into, we didn't have the money for it. We, we wasted all the, the capital that we had before just trying the wrong things. So then when it was time to pay up, we'd put that on a credit card. Like (laughs) we were, we were gonna figure it out one way or another. Like, there was no plan B. But then we just keep taking these bets and if you bet on yourself, you always win as long as you don't quit. So it, it's a no-brainer, especially this one here. Yeah, guys. I appreciate that. I appreciate, uh, the insight that you just shared because it's so important that people see that from the outside lookin' in, and, uh, it builds their confidence to, to change their life too, the way that your lives have been changed in the decision that you made. So, um, is there anything else you guys wanna share that you haven't shared already, um, that you think people would need to know about this experience and what's inside? Yeah, I'd say one thing that I would share is that don't feel, don't think that, you know, you can get away with just buying into the course and not doing anything afterwards. Um, taking action is the only thing that's gonna make you succeed. You will not, you will not get anywhere near where you wanna be unless you truly put in your, your best of anything, and any ounce of effort that you have, you know. If you wanna generate the most growth possible, then that's, that's what it's gonna take. Um, and then like I said, just listening to everything that ev- anyone says and just follow 'em blindly. Because I- it's not that difficult. You just have to be a workhorse. (laughs) It's that simple. Um, and that's, in my opinion, that's more simple than sitting there and racking your brain, thinking, "How am I gonna make this happen?" Yeah. And then just to add to that as well, like, the only way that you lose is if you quit. So Akil and I ate shit for so (laughs) damn long and we just kept at it because we knew that there's light at the end of the tunnel. Like, yes, we, we've hit very consistent 30K months but even then, it was, it was still dark, right? (laughs) Like actually having the growth and the upward trajectory, that's what really did it for us. But at the beginning, like, you don't know better than anyone, especially if they're teaching you or Charlie's saying something. You just need to listen and, and do. Like, and put your ego aside. This business game is very, very humbling. You're gonna get a lot of rejections, whether it's cold outreach or in the sales calls. And then w- within service delivery, you're gonna be all for at the beginning. You're gonna churn. You're gonna have some clients that don't like you but you just keep improving, over and over and over again. Just keep putting in the reps. And then eventually, you're gonna look back to a few years, or in a few, few years in the future, you're gonna look back and you're not even gonna remember how you started. So just keep putting in the reps. Obviously, the f- the, the online money is, is attractive but people don't talk about the reps and the time and the effort, sacrifices that it actually takes. So we're not here to allude you that you're gonna be rich by tomorrow. But if you just keep going and you don't quit, I promise you it'll be worth it. Love that. That was, those are words of wisdom right there, for everybody watching, right? Um, well, guys, I gotta say this. I, I really appreciate you guys jumping on with me. It has already been a pleasure, uh, to be working with you guys over the past month, month and a half. And guys, we're just getting, we're just getting cracking. We gotta hit that 100K so we can celebrate. Uh, probably not gonna talk about how we're gonna celebrate, but we're gonna celebrate. Um, but- (laughs) I can't be on the, on the 