# Regitze: $0 to $30k per month in 23 months

Here we go. Okay. What's happening, everyone? Hope you are doing well. Welcome back to yet another client interview. Today, I'm joined by one of our wonderful clients, Regitze, who ... in which I've mispronounced her name for a long time, (laughs) and she was with our, in our program, embarrassingly, and she has corrected me, rightfully so. Um, and she is a client that has popped up out of the blue after leaving us, sharing a massive, massive win, and today, I have the pleasure of interviewing her. So, Regitze, for the people that are watching this interview right now, obviously I know you very well, but for the people watching, why don't you introduce, uh, who you are, who you serve, and the transformation you deliver to your clients? Yeah. My name is Regitze Simonsen. I'm from Denmark, um, and, uh, yeah, I, I've been trying to start an online business for the past seven years, and, uh, about a year ago, or actually two years ago, I joined EasyGrow. Uh, I think I s- I saw, uh, Charlie's, uh, ad on YouTube, and then I booked a call, got closed and everything, and joined EasyGrow, and, um, it was amazing. Uh, by the way, I'm a, I have an appointment-setting agency, but back then, I wasn't getting any clients. I had no revenue. Um, so I joined EasyGrow to learn more about, uh, the client acquisition. And, um, yeah, learned a lot, uh, was there for a year, uh, then my time ran out, otherwise I would have stayed. (laughs)  But, uh, the time ran out, and then I rejoin now because, uh, you guys, you had this, uh, VIP Academy, so I rejoined that. Yeah. And now, a year, about a year after I left EasyGrow, uh, we just had a month of $30,000.00. Yep. Absolutely incredible. Amazing stuff. Yeah. So this is, Regitze is what I call a silent shark, everyone, because I'll- (laughs) ... just tell the f- the story here. Obviously, she left us, and then a team member who's relatively new shared her 30K month from the, from a post in the academy, and then I said, "Oh, that's, that's Regitze from EasyGrow." She goes, "With us a year ago." She used to join the coaching calls and whatnot. This is amazing, amazing to see. So yeah. So good. It's a full-circle moment here, and it's so, so good to have you here, Regitze. Um, for the people watching this, why don't you talk to us a bit more about, uh, what you do for your clients in terms of the fulfillment, the transformation, and the offer you have? Yeah. So, uh, I have an appointment-setting agency with the, uh, so it's called DM Outreach, and we are getting, uh, uh, leads and clients for coaches, online coaches. Yep. Okay. So a little bit similar w- with what you're doing, but ours is still, until now, uh, done for you. So we are- Mm-hmm. At some point, I wanna also transition into the, uh, coaching model. Yeah. And then at some point, we'll get you in the Mastermind, and then I'll- Yeah. ... pitch you this after this meeting. (laughs)  Absolutely. Um, that's it. There we are. Amazing stuff. So, Regitze, I wanna take you back all the way to when you first joined us, uh, which was almost two years ago by this point. Um, talk to me about day one of the program, when obviously Hannah closed you and you enrolled in the program, right? How did you approach things, uh, in terms of navigating the program to set yourself up for success? Um, well, I clearly remember, uh, talking to Hannah, and I promised her that I would, uh, do the, um, a testimonial with her. (laughs) But she's not with you anymore, so now it's with you, and, uh, I'm happy (laughs) to talk to you, too. Um, but I'm really happy to be able to give you this testimonial because, uh, the program and you guys have really helped me a lot. So, um, you're definitely a big part of my success. Um, well, how I approached it, approached it, uh, well, I just went through everything, everything almost in your program, which is very, uh, big. It's a huge program- (laughs) ... EasyGrow. I'm sure it's even bigger now. Um- Yep. (laughs) But I just went through everything, from one end to the next, attended all the coaching calls. If I had any possibility, I would attend, just at least listen in. I'm, I'm not the, so much, uh, the one that is asking questions, uh, but I always listen in and learn from everybody else. Yep. Love it. Prior to joining you, uh, Regitze, what drove you to join the program to begin with, in terms of what problems you were facing pre-joining the program and what you ended up solving? Yeah. I actually had an, uh, an appointment-setter agency previously, about a year before, that didn't work out w- because we weren't actually ... I couldn't really figure it out. We weren't able to really get, uh, those appointments for our clients, um, so that kind of, uh, went down. And then I, I started ... A little bit later, I started up again, uh, because, you know, um, you have to keep going. Um, so I- Mm-hmm. ... started up again, and, uh, so to, to really learn things and to be successful, that's why I joined, so I could, uh, yeah, really become successful with my agency. Yeah. Perfect. And pr- prior to joining, right, when you were s- struggling, where you had problems with the original appointment-setting agency, what specific problems were you facing? Were you unable to get clients, get results? What was the situation there? And what essentially changed? Yeah. Well, first of all, it was, uh, simply to get, uh, appointments for our clients. Well, uh, we had many problems, (laughs) like all businesses. (laughs) So, uh, we had a p- uh, problems, first of all, getting client for myself, um, because I also wasn't a good closer. And, uh-But then I did get a few clients for a very low amount, where, um, and we would work on commission and stuff like that, so and, uh, you can always get clients if you're working on commission, so (laughs), um, so we did have some clients, but we weren't really able to deliver them, uh, the leads. Uh, so it didn't work out too good, uh, so that's why I had to stop at some point and, um, took a short break. I don't even know how long, but it was short, um, then I started up again because, yeah, y- you can't give up. Uh, I think I just, uh, well, I think I stopped the appointment setting and tried to only do, like, coaching- Mm-hmm. ... but people are more interested in the appointment setting, so and then I started up again having appointment setters. And, uh, yeah- Wow. ... they really ... Because I learned all these, uh, strategies that you teach in your, uh, in EZ Grow, uh, we're mostly just using the cold DM outreach. You teach so many different strategies, we're just using one of them, and, uh, yeah, we're able to actually succeed with that. Yeah. Love it. With the DM strategy specifically, what did you find valuable about that compared to everything else that you've, you've gone through? Uh, well, first of all, clients love it, because it's done for you. (laughs) Uh, so, so they, they really love that, and it's a very, there's no work on their part, so it's also, uh, pretty easy to sell. Um, and, uh, yeah, but it is a little bit hard to deliver- Mm-hmm. ... which is why I got a lot of help from you guys, uh, you have, uh, William there, who is an expert with the DM, uh, uh, setting. And, uh, yeah, you have coaching call around, c- coaching calls around that every single day, so I joined that and could always ask when there was something that I didn't know. And of course, also the program itself has so many videos that I could go through and learn everything. Yep. Love it. Amazing stuff. One thing I wanted to ask you, Rigetze, is about the, the module we have, Acquisition Genesis. Uh-huh. So everyone I interview, I always ask them about that specific module, because, as you know, in this online space of ours, people are looking e- looking for the, uh, magic script, the magic outreach tool, the magic niche, you know, the magic answer and coaching calls and whatnot, but they purely ignore the fundamentals, theory, and underlying principles that make up the success for any market really, so ... And that's exactly what we teach in Acquisition Genesis, right? So, I'd love to hear your thoughts and opinions on, um, how you found that module, because obviously it's very long (laughs) and detailed and a lot of clients complain about it (laughs), but then they realize, "Oh, I actually needed that." So, I'd love to give you the floor to just share your thoughts on that module and how impactful it was for you. Yeah. I'm so glad you're asking about that, because actually it is a mindset, the whole, all- Mm-hmm. ... all the mindset that is being taught in EZ Grow, uh, that is really the most important thing. Mm-hmm. Because I had, uh, well, I'd been trying to start a business for over seven years, and I had so much, um, uh, shiny object syndrome. I tried so many different businesses, and, uh, I never succeeded because I was always, um, stopping and doing something new, so always starting over fr- from scratch. Of course I learned something with every single thing, but I never became successful, never earned any money, um, so it is really the mindset that is so important about focus, consistency. Obviously, I did have consistency doing this for seven years (laughs) without earning any money, um, that, it was tough, um- Mm-hmm. ... but, uh, so it is the mindset that is the really the most important thing, and, uh, yeah. That is really what differentiates, um, EZ Grow from everything else. I had had, uh, I was in different, uh, coaching, uh, programs before where I wouldn't say it was a waste because I always learned something, um, but I didn't get to the point where I was earning any money, uh, so it's also about the expec- uh, expectancy that you, mm, things are not coming as fast as you, uh, at least not for me. Things are not happening as fast as you hope. Uh, you just have to keep going, no matter what. Yeah. Absolutely. With regards, uh, staying on the topic of the, the mindset side of things, um, what identity shift did you have to have in order to succeed, and how does, like, version 1.0 of Rigetze from like two years ago you joined the program, right, compare to the version I'm speaking to right now? Like, what limiting beliefs did you have to break, what habits did you have to pick up? It'd be great to, um, hear from you on that side of things. Wow, that is a great ... I love that question, because that is really the, the key to everything. You have to change your identity, which I wasn't really aware of in the beginning, uh, and I mean, changing your identity is really difficult, um, because the identity that I was back then, it- th- it was completely different. I mean, um, and like Charlie says, it's, it's a huge ... You change identities several times, um, so, so I went through many different, uh, identity changes and I will continue to go through identity changes as I grow, because it's only through changing your identity that you can become, uh, for instance, someone who is earning like, like, uh, you guys are doing, $1 million per month or so. Um, so if you want to keep growing, you have to keep changing your identity.So- Yeah, 100%, 100%. And I think, um, that's something that a lot of clients see, especially beginners that we bring into the program, especially the, the, the younger market where it's like, they think they can just come in, get a magic script, magic tool, but then the minute an obstacle comes, the identity takes a hit. And it's like, "Oh my God, I'm not ready for this. I'm fragile." And then nothing else can change in terms of systems, applications, whatever it may be. All they adjust is their internal beliefs and that makes a massive difference to their inputs and the success they receive. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, it's also about, I mean, uh, doing the thing that, uh, is difficult, uh, like for instance, uh, doing the outreach. It's not fun, uh- Yep. ... and in the beginning it, it seems like it's not working, but you just- Mm-hmm. ... have to keep going. Or doing the sales calls. I hated sales calls. Yeah. (laughs) But it doesn't matter, you just have to keep doing it, and when you keep doing it, then b- you become better, and then, uh, at some point, uh, you don't hate it that much. (laughs) Yeah, that's it. I too hated sales calls. (laughs) That's why I ended up becoming an operations manager for Charlie instead. (laughs) So, so be like Regitze, guy. Don't, don't be like me and run into another road. (laughs) Um, no, I absolutely love it, Regitze. On the topic of limiting beliefs, Regitze, were there, like, any specific limiting beliefs that you ended up breaking when you joined the program? Like, for example, th- this outreach doesn't work, all obje- objection handling doesn't work, you know, I don't wanna pressure someone to bu- like, beliefs like this. Were there any specific beliefs that you used to have that you don't have anymore? Um, uh, probably a lot, uh, but, uh, yeah. One, uh, that you just mentioned is, uh, the thing about, uh, oh, I don't wanna pressure people. Um- Hmm. Yeah. ... but, um, and that is both when you're doing outreach, but also specifically in sales. Um, people don't want to change. That's a, that's a core human, uh, like, um, thing, that- Mm-hmm. ... I don't know if you can call it desire or, uh, it's a q- uh, core human thing that people don't like changes. But in order to get a new result, they have to change. And as, um, well, that's mostly in sales, we ha- we have to help people overcome their fear of change on the sales call. Um, otherwise they're never gonna achieve their, their goals, so, so we're actually helping them. It's not pressure. It's getting them to, uh- Yes. ... actually realize their true situation and, uh, what is truly holding them back. And what is truly holding them back is the fear of change. Yeah. That is, that's right, that's the be- best ex- best example you could have given there, right? Yeah. Because it's like, so many other clients, they come in thinking, "Oh, we don't wanna pressure this person on sales. We don't want pressure." And it's like, nobody wants to pressure someone on sales. That's the complete wrong term, right? Yeah. It's reframing what you're defining pressure as. Because if someone is turning up on a sales call, right, and you can see that they are blocking themselves, it's actually your responsibility to not pressure them, but to open up their mind to show them how they're actually blocking (laughs) themselves from taking the next step to succeed. Uh-huh. Because they are contained ex- they're contained within a version of themselves that is used to not making decisions. Right. Is used to staying the s- in the same position and is used to not chasing the life they want. Yeah. And if you've got the solution to that problem, you're not pressuring them, you're opening their eyes to, "This is what you need to do if you want X, Y, Z." And it's a way to handle and navigate that. But even that r- shift, Re- Regitze, from your mindset, any closers' mindset, it's really powerful, right? Because you c- you go from a place of, "Oh, I wanna sell, sell, sell." To, "Now I wanna serve, and I wanna help you as opposed to close you," right? Mm-hmm. Yes. Yeah, absolutely. And I mean, I, I was, uh, I've been so... Actually, I wanna say that the people that changed my life the most, uh, ever almost, is closers. Yeah? (laughs) Because they... Yes, really. Yeah. Because they, they, they helped me get into something that helped me, even though I may not have been really wanting it, wanting it, but they, they helped me overcome that fear of change. So, I'm, I'm so grateful for, for good closers. (laughs) Yes. Mm-hmm. And, but another thing that I, uh, another limiting belief is also, like, you said, the, the thing about doing outreach, that we're bothering people. Um, I mean, we are offering a service that can help them. And it's okay- Yes. ... if they don't want it. Uh- That's it. ... not everybody will want it. Um, and it's also about, uh, so if you, you get, if you send five messages and you get five nos, um, it's not because nobody wants it, it's simply because you didn't ask enough people. Because with what we're doing, we call DM outreach, it's a lot about volume. Yep, 100%. And even with that, it's funny you bring that up, because I was, uh, I was interviewing one of our mastermind clients, where they help people reverse, like, diabetes and health problems organically. And then when I had a one-to-one with them, they were saying, "Oh no, we don't wanna do CTAs in our emails, and we don't wanna do outreach." Because I, I'm thinking, "Well, if you don't do that, it's a disservice to these people whose lives you can change." And I, (laughs) you know, I, I referenced, you know, friends, family members, and that's, uh, I was j- (laughs) I said in a jokingly manner, but, but at the same time, I was telling them the truth. I'm like, "Hey, this would be a disservice to my family members you can help, you know- Yes. ... if you don't reach out." (laughs) Because you wanna contain all this wonderful information to yourself and wait for them to come to you. That's not gonna happen all the time. So, it's exactly what you said there, where if you have a product and a service that can change someone's life, you're not bothering anyone. Mm-hmm. If anything, it's a disservice to them if you don't reach out. Right, exactly. And that's a massive shift. Same thing with closers. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. Go for it, go for it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, absolutely. I mean, um, y- but like I said, it's, it is really a volume game, so you have to keep, uh, reaching out and also, um, yeah, find out the right messaging that is gonna, um, resonate with people. Yeah. And also, uh, about the follow-up, because sometimes people, they are not in the right mood or they're busy or so, so- Mm-hmm. ... don't give up after sending them one message. It's about the follow-up. Send them- Yeah. ... keep following up in a, in a ni- in a nice way. I mean, you, we do- we don't have to be annoying. We can just follow up, eh, in a nice way, and in many cases, after following up several times, then all of a sudden people are interested. Yeah. And then they book a call. Yeah, absolutely. And you, you know this as well, Regitze, with, with our sequence, with our warm sequence that we teach in the program, we have, like, three or four cold follow-ups, but then we have, like, eight warm follow-ups. Ah. And people are like, "What? Eight warm follow-ups?" Yes, they expressed interest, they may have dropped off after, but you need to capture them again. And they, people are so surprised when sometimes it takes, like, six, seven touch points to secure that appointment- Mm-hmm. ... which then leads to a sale. Yeah, exactly. That's it. And I, I see that also sometimes with myself. Mm-hmm. Uh, I observe that sometimes...

... people, um, yeah, it's some, some kind of email marketing or whatever. And, um, yeah, and I don't react the first time I see the email, but then after a few follow-ups, then I become more and more interested, you know? Yeah. (laughs)  It's how, it's, it's how it's done, right? It's got to be done correctly. Um, if it's just like these nonsensical follow-ups where it's like, "Hey, just checking in again. Hey, did you see this, this, that?" Of course you're a bit numb to it, but then if it's interesting and if it's value-led, then it's like, "Oh, maybe I, maybe I will give it a chance. Hey, what do you have?" Yeah. Yeah. And that's happened to us. We hired someone who followed up with Charlie for like 30 days straight. Or 60 days straight, sorry. (laughs) So then we hired him as a closer. So... Wow. Yeah. Yeah. And he, he was- Great. ... one of, one of, one of our best closers, but then again, he's, he's, he followed up for 60 days, so he already had that ability, you know? So, yeah. Yeah. Fantastic stuff. (laughs) Rigidse, as, as you know, our program, it has so many different things, right? It's got even more things now (laughs) between when you left and now have returned to VIP, right? Yeah. But it's got all the different modules, strategies, all the coaching calls and whatnot. My question to you is, what specifically did you love about the program when you were with us? Well, I loved the mindset, um, modules and, yeah. Also, it's not only in the modules, it's also in the coaching calls. Like, I mean, with Will, for instance. I was mostly interested in the DM appointment setting because that's what I do. Yeah. I did watch a lot of the other modules. I think I watched all of them. (laughs)  Yep. Um, but, uh, also, also there, it's also integrated with the mindset because, yeah, Will, for instance, he's saying, "Yeah, you have to keep, keep going. Do more volume." Um- Mm-hmm. And that is so true. Yeah. So- 100%. With, on the coaching call specifically, Rigidse, how valuable was that alongside the videos to be able to get on a call, ask questions specifically about your situation, and not just have to rely on, like, videos? How valuable was that? Oh, yeah. It, it's, it's crucial. I mean, only watching- Yeah. ... videos is great, it's really in-depth videos, great. But, um, yeah, like you said, uh, there was, there's gonna be specific, uh, problems, uh, to our, uh, your own specific, um, business- Yeah. ... or your own problems. So then it's nice to get, uh, a personalized, um, answer. And also, you, I mean, I also got a lot out of just, uh, listening in and hearing what everybody else was saying. Um- Yeah. So that was also really valuable. Yeah. That's one of the under, most underrated pieces of value as well, where even if you don't have a question- Mm-hmm. ... and you just join one of these calls, some other people may ask questions that you may not even thought would be a valid question for yourself. And you're, "Oh, I've learned something new today." Mm-hmm. "I had no idea that, you know, that could be done in my business. I found it extremely valuable just by listening and..." Right? Yes, exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Perfect. And it's funny you say with the coaching calls and how helpful they are, it's always like, you know, (laughs) to anyone watching this, it goes without saying, there's loads of resellers around. Okay. You can try and buy the course for, like, $5 to whatever, but I promise, you guys, (laughs) you can only do so much with the material itself. The coaching calls, sadly, you can't buy coaching calls (laughs) for reselling. Mm-hmm. I won't be available live. SellWay won't be available live. (laughs) Um, and that's a big part of being able to help you guys achieve the results that you- Yeah. ... can achieve, like Rigidse here. Rigidse, so what actually happened where I want to know the main thing that drove your success, because it seemed like after you left the program, right? Obviously, we didn't communicate because you, you'd left the program, and then all of a sudden, boom, (laughs) you make the post in the academy saying, "$30K month, best month yet." Mm-hmm. What, uh, what really, what was the significant turning point for you? Like, what really changed? Um, well, it's, uh, consistency, keep doing the thing. Um, and for me, I also joined, uh, uh, another sales program. I still needed some more sales coaching. Yeah. Um, because for me, sales was extremely difficult, uh, because I've really had to change my identity with that. Uh, because, uh, it's been very, very difficult for me to, uh, challenge people on a sales call, holding them accountable. Mm-hmm. I'm k- I was always kind of the, the nice girl who's always agreeing with people. (laughs) Yeah. And th- that's just not getting you sales. (laughs) No. (laughs) No, it, it is not. I'm 100%. (laughs)  So that wa- that was, uh, actually one of the biggest challenges. At least the, the last challenge. I mean, there was challenges all the way through it, that was just the last one that I need to break. Yeah. Wonderful stuff. Amazing. Amazing. (laughs) And now we're at $30K a month and we're just getting started. Yes. Yeah. Which is absolutely fantastic. (laughs) How does the, uh, company structure look r- right now, Rigidse, in terms of system, teams? How does it look? Yeah, we have about 100 sellers and, um- Wow. ... I have a seller manager, and, uh, I have an, a developer. I have a YouTube, uh, someone managing, uh, doing my YouTube videos, and I have two people that are hiring sellers and training sellers. Uh, then I have a closer also. So I'm still closing myself and, uh, having another closer also. So we're a lot of people.(laughs) Yeah, we ready for scale. We are ready- Yeah. ... ready to double- Absolutely. ... double and triple the business, which is absolutely fantastic. Yeah. Wonderful stuff. And s- s- staying on that topic, actually, what would you say your next goal is? Well, uh, a million dollars per month. (laughs) Okay. Well, you know, we, we can help you with that, so that's what- Yeah, I know. (laughs) ... interview. There we are. Love it. Cool. Um, Regitze, one question for you that I always like to ask our wonderful clients at Imperium that I interview. On your sales call almost two years ago, right, when Hannah was closing you, she would've asked you, "Regitze, how would it feel to achieve your goals if you go through the program, achieve it, X, Y, Z, et cetera, et cetera?" And you would've probably told her, "Oh, it'd feel amazing. I'm gonna... I'd be able to get this, I'd get that, et cetera, et cetera." Right? Two years later, (laughs) I'm assuming you've achieved the initial goals that you've... yeah, that- that you told Hannah. How does it feel? And if you haven't achieved the goals, please do correct me. Uh, well, I actually haven't really achieved the, the... one of the goals at least, because I wanted to d- quit my job and I'm still working full-time. Mm-hmm. But, uh, even though we are at 30K per month, uh, I don't want to take the money out of the business yet. Uh, it's not, it's not enough, uh, for me to quit my job, I don't feel. So it's better for me to... because I have a good paying job and I'm... it's, uh, not that... well, I don't know if it's demanding, I work night shift, uh, but, uh, I'm still able to work on my business while I'm also, uh, working- Yeah. ... uh, at my job. Plus I have all this... I let a... my team members do a lot. Uh, so I have a great team. I could only do that with a great team. But, uh, but I would say that I have achieved, uh, at least, uh... I'm on my way to ach- achieve my goal. Uh, well, my goal- Limitless. I mean limitless. (laughs) So- Yeah, that's it. ... I will never- Love it. ... achieve it. Um, anyway, so, uh, it just... it's the feeling that I finally made it, or at least, um, something is working. There we go. That's so amazing. That is so amazing. It... the feeling and that I'm... I feel proud of myself, and I mean, after so many years. Yeah. Yeah. 100%. There, there we are. And I can tell you for a fact, long-term team members, especially myself and Will, 'cause you know, we were doing the coaching calls when the group seen, seen you ask questions, supporting you. Uh, we're extremely proud and we're extremely happy, uh, for you and even more happier now that you told me, you know, you've been in the game for seven years, which is so... it's a, it's a long time and there's a lot of ups and downs and especially from a mindset standpoint, right? Yeah. Here's what people don't understand. Sometimes you go to bed thinking, "Man, like, what's going on? Is it worth, you know, trying to pursue whatever I'm pursuing and whatnot?" And the days are very long. (laughs) Yes. It's... 24 hours are a long time. Yes. So when you're constantly having those thoughts for extended period of time, you don't know thing... if there's light at the end of the tunnel from a goal standpoint. So- Yeah. ... the fact that yes, we're, we're, we're, we can quick- quit our job down the line, it's nearing, right? And you're choosing to stay in the job, but the fact that there's progression is there and there is light, it's a wonderful feeling, right? Knowing that you're on the right track. Yes. Yeah. It's, uh... I mean, if I... and I wanna say that these seven years, it's been really, really hard work every single day. It's not like I wasn't doing anything. I was doing maximum all the time, because I always had this feeling, "It's just around the corner, it's just around the corner." Yeah. I guess that's also what drove me, um, because I... if I knew from the beginning, "This is gonna take seven years," then that would have been a lot harder. (laughs) Yeah. Absou- But the thinking, the feeling that, "Oh, it's just around the corner, it's just around the corner" that keeps me going. Um, and I guess, I mean, I, I, I couldn't face, uh, I couldn't face my reality if I would stop this- Hmm. Yeah. ... what my life would look like if I s- didn't do this. Uh, that would... that's not a life that I want. Yeah. Absolutely. Absolutely. And once you're in, you can't go back. No. (laughs) You know, you know, you know what? You... I, I've, I have the same feeling. I still do, right? Whereas like once you're in, you know what's possible. You just can't turn back. No. It's... you're too, you're too late. So I'm with you because I've been in this space for a long time. I've been in similar time as you, like seven, eight years. You're not going back. (laughs) No. You're just gonna keep going forward- Yeah. ... and you're not gonna stop because now... "I'm too far in now." (laughs) Right. If it takes another seven years, so be it. We'll just keep cracking on. Yeah. (laughs) Um, so no, absolutely wonderful stuff. And yeah, to people watching this right now, Regitze is a fantastic role model, not just for our community in Easy Grow, and now she's in the academy. Um, but for everyone watching this, because, uh, I was just telling Regitze just before this, uh, I, I love all our client interviews. I love all our clients that went by. Especially love the ones like Regitze who've, uh, had a struggle to get to their success, where it took a long time, because it just shows their grit, determination, and power being able to, you know, go through all the obstacles at hand. And the success is a lot more sustainable. So yeah, absolutely fantastic stuff, Regitze. And then it's, uh, it's amazing to see where you are. And another thing I wanna touch on. We always get, um, clients saying... not cli- well, we always get clients, but also some people saying, "I don't have time to do this. I'm working a job. I've got this commitment, I've got that commitment." Like, guys-Regitze is a, uh, is working night shifts. She's also a nurse, which is a wonderful career. And it's, it can be very intense serving people, not just on an online level, but in person, especially the work, amazing work Regitze does. What would you say to those people, Regitze, in terms of, you know, saying they don't have time, they got the job, et cetera, et cetera, as you're someone that's, the business is doing relatively well and you're still working and you're still making things happen? Mm-hmm. Yeah. It's always a priority. I mean- Yeah. ... everybody has 24 hours a day. I ... It's, when I stop, uh, uh, when I started my business, I basically stopped watching TV. I never watch TV. And I would also say, you don't have to sleep eight hours a night. I know that his is very controversial to say- (laughs) ... but I don't sleep very much. I work night shift, uh, but also, uh, for years I've been working on my business, uh, um, all night when I had off. Um, it's only a priority. Um- Yeah. ... I mean, if you want something, you will make it happen. Um- Yeah. Actually, I, I had to sacrifice a lot, and that's probably what everybody has to do. You can't achieve a real success without sacrificing things. So I had to sacrifice my hobby. Um, I have horses. I still have the horses, but I'm not riding anymore, um, which was the biggest sacrifice for me. So you have to be willing, uh, to sacrifice things. Um, um- Yeah. Yeah. So you have to- Yeah. ... uh, determine with yourself what do you want. Do you want a successful business or do you want, uh, fun, and do you want to go out with your friends, do you want to watch TV and stuff like that? Yeah. And that's perfectly fine if you want that. Just don't lie to yourself. (laughs) Yeah. Don't, don't think you can have this by doing that and are blaming- Yeah. ... time for it, and it's shifting your belief around time by stop, stop, e- stopping yourself from saying, "I don't have time," and you need to shift that to saying, "That's actually not a priority for me right now." Mm-hmm. And just being honest. You do have- Yes. ... the time, but it's just not a priority. Everyone's got the time, but it's just not a priority. Um, so yeah. Wonderful, wonderful stuff. Regitze, as we wrap up this client interview, uh, there's two groups of people that are watching this right now, the first of which are current clients from our programs, and the second of which are people that have yet to join the program because maybe they've just come across this interview, they've, they've booked a call and they're yet to have, they're yet to join the program, or they had a call and they want to think about it. Let's start with the people that are currently in the program. Um, what would you say to them in terms of your best piece of advice to give and, uh, to succeed with the program, from your time being with us? Never stop. (laughs) (laughs) Yeah. Yeah. F- focus and consistency. Those are the two main things, I think. Never stop. And also focus. I mean, it's, it's tricky with focus because, uh, with, um, I mean, obviously you want to, uh, find something that works, and sometimes you do things that are not working. So it's, it's ... That was very tricky for me to figure out. Is this ever gonna work or is it just because I'm not consistent long enough? Uh- Hmm. ... which is why it's very, very useful to have coaching calls, because- Yeah. ... because then you can ask people who actually know where to go. Yeah. You know, uh, because sometimes you sit there and you, you don't know if you should pivot or what you should do next because you can't see the future. So then it's very, very useful to be able to jump on a coaching call and ask them, "What should I do next?" Yep. Exactly that. And- Yeah. ... we will also challenge you with love. We'll say, "Regitze, stop doing that. (laughs) Do this instead." (laughs) And then we'll guide you accordingly. No, but that is well said. Um, and finally, to people who have yet to join us, right? Maybe, um, they want to think about it, maybe they've yet to book a call, what would you say to those people, almost as if you're speaking to yourself, uh, two years ago, right, when you first joined our ... or before you joined our program? What would you say to those people? Yeah. Uh, I would say, um, of course do it, and, uh, also don't be afraid of investing in yourself, because that's the best investment you can ever do. Even though it feels scary to invest a lot of money, it's something that is really, really valuable, and it's, it's gonna stay with you forever. So it, it's definitely worth it, and it's gonna pay off. If you c- if you are consistent, then it's gonna also pay off, uh, uh, financially. Yeah. Definitely. But, but also just the, the transformation in yourself as a person, the identity shift, that is, that is so valuable. Yeah. It's not just in business. It's also in my personal life that, I mean, I have changed completely. Yeah. And we, we get that a lot from people, where I've had clients where their business, the business, they just kept it a very, like, eh, they got results but nothing of significance, and they always say, "No, I'll be honest, like, the mindset stuff is, it changed my life in other areas." I'm like, "Oh, (laughs) that's, that's wonderful," (laughs) because like that's just one component of what we teach, right? Yeah. Mm-hmm. Amazing. Perfect. Well, look, that's pretty much it for the client interview, guys. Regitze, before we wrap up, where can these guys find you? Yeah. Well, I have my YouTube channel. It's, uh, actually called How to Get Clients/ (laughs) Nice. ... /Customers. (laughs) Um, or you can search my name, Regitze Simonsen, and I'm on all the different, uh, social media platforms. My- Perfect. ... business, my business name is, uh, Ric- uh, Greatest Marketing Agency, so you can also find me there. Love it. Love the name. Love the name. Yeah. (laughs) It's really humble. (laughs) There we are. You know- There we are. Love it, love it, love it. Cool. Guys, I'm gonna put those links in the description if you're watching on YouTube, and then you can follow Regitze and keep up, uh, keep up with her. Uh, I'm gonna mark this as a part one. Hopefully she's not too busy for me in a year's time, uh, when she's continuing to fly and whatnot. Um- Mm-hmm. But yeah, hopefully you found this interview valuable, guys. As I wrap up, I'll do my infamous outro here. If you are someone that has come across the internet marketing world and you've come across these advertisements where they're promoting get rich quick, uh, you, you open up your laptop in Miami with the floral shirts and you see a million dollars in your Stripe account and they close their laptop and they say, "You can have that success in one week, one month, one day," and you think our program can do that for you, I am here to tell you that's sadly not possible. Our program is not a get rich quick scheme, guys. Um, it's not a magic pill that you can have and ultimately you're rich overnight. As I always say at the end of every client interview, if you do find a get rich quick pill that we can get rich overnight, send me an email, nor@theimperiumagency.com. Send me a DM on Instagram, normeahwith an extra H, okay? That way, myself and Regitze, we don't have to be in this space for seven, eight years (laughs) to, to, to see success, okay? We can achieve success a lot quicker. However, in all seriousness, if you are someone that's watching this interview right now and you are willing to put in the work, just like Regitze has done, you have an open mind and you're willing to be, you know, coached and guided by people who have been there and done that, then feel free to book a call with us because we can probably change your life, provided (laughs) that you follow what is being said, okay? So if you've yet to book a call with us, uh, feel free to do so. If you still have any doubts-

This is the 122nd client interview that we've done, not including part twos. So if you still have doubts, watch the other 121 (laughs) interviews across different niches and verticals, and then you can pick up some confidence to book a call. Um, but please do so if you feel like this is something that could help you, as again, we can probably make a significant difference to your life. So yeah, hopefully you found this one valuable, guys. We will catch you in the next one. Cheers guys. Bye.