# Rok: $1.5K to $10K per month in Under 2 Months

Rok, what's going on, man? Glad to have you here, brother. Um, you've been crushing it and I think, uh, your story is genuinely g- needs to be shared with and heard from our audience. So I'm super excited about this conversation. Um, that don't, you don't have to have like all the right answers for this at all, bro. Like, it's gonna be strictly a conversation, and I just want you to talk to us like you're talking to the people that are looking to get into this program and you're talking to your best friends about it, right, and telling them what's happening in your business. Cool? Perfect. Sounds good. Awesome. Awesome, bro. So, um, quick question, just to kind of jump this thing off. Before you started with us, where was your business? Like walk us through, you know, what was going on in your business and in your life at that time. So I've had this business for about six months, like, that I've been serious about it. Uh, so six months ago, or now seven months ago, I quit my job. Uh, before I was working like in window production. I was making windows. And then I started this, and then for six months I kind of just tried to get it done on my own. So I had like the basics down. I was doing outreach. I knew how to build the thing, like funnels for people. Um, but yeah, I always had an issue with booking appointments. Like it was so inconsistent. I was getting maybe one appointment a week. Hm. And then February came around, so this was the month before joining, I went to Thailand and I was planning to work there, but that didn't happen 'cause... Yeah. Didn't go too well. But then, yeah, I came back and I decided I wanted to join Easy Grow. I saw all the results you guys had everything, uh, hopped on a call and joined. That's pretty much it. Nice. Nice. So, like, what was the biggest challenge you were facing at that point in your business? Oh, definitely the appointments. Um, yeah, like, I didn't have a problem with people responding to my outreach, but just bridging that gap from someone responding to me to then hopping on a call. Uh, yeah, that was like the biggest issue I had. Yeah. Yeah, and h- how did that make you feel about your business at that point? Like, what was going through your head as you were trying to figure it out? Yeah, it, it just sucked. And li- it was like, the worst thing was I didn't really know what it could be. Mm-hmm. Uh, it was just confusion on like how to solve this, basically just that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it's a big problem, like for a lot of people who just get started in that six-month timeframe. Um, what for you was like the decision point where like, "Bro," like, "I gotta change something." Like, "Something has to change for me"? Hm. I think when I came back from my... So back when I came, when I came back from Thailand- Mm-hmm. ... and I saw like even how I was planning to work out there, um, and it just didn't go to plan, I was like, "Okay, maybe I should have someone behind me." Like someone, um... It wasn't really... I wasn't looking for help that much initially before joining. Um, it was more of an accountability thing. Like immediately when I hopped on a call with you guys, I s- I told, uh, I told Grace that, um, I'm looking for th- at this f- mostly for accountability. But then when I joined, I saw that accountability was like the, the tiniest part of this and how this program could help me. Yeah. Yeah. A lot of people get in and they're like, "Wow, I didn't realize it was gonna be everything that (laughs) that's in here." Right? Um, and you can kinda give me a little bit of detail on that, bro. Like, when you first heard about Imperium Acquisition, like what went through your head? Were you hesitant on anything? Like, what was going in your, on in your mind? No, i- no idea, 'cause first time I heard about it? Oh. It was years ago. Like, I've watched Charlie's content for a couple of years. I mean, I wouldn't say I've like been binge watching everything for a long time, but like I've seen his videos like a couple years ago, watched a few here and there. Wow. Some mindset stuff, mostly business stuff. Um, then I joined his free community. Uh, went through the, like, the biggest part of that was the self-transcendence course, so basically the mindset stuff. And also, um, I'm not sure what the first, uh, module there was, but, there was. But also that, and that kinda got me thinking that if like the free stuff's like that, let's see what, let's see what's behind the pay wall, so... And then also the, the website, like the reviews you guys have, Trustpilot. Um, I mean, I've looked at a bunch of people who do, do things like you guys, like coaching or whatnot in like this specific niche, but I didn't really find anything or anyone who would come close to what you guys have going on. Yeah. Yeah, and then honestly, I've been in this industry for a decade and I haven't either. (laughs)  Um, yeah, man. That's cool, bro. Yeah, it's, it's, it is overwhelming, overwhelmingly good when you start going through some of the free stuff and you're like, "Man, what i- what is on the inside if I'm getting this for free?" Right? I've had a lot, I've heard a lot of people say that. Um, so kind of walk me through, man. What, what are some of the things that you implemented in the beginning of the program, uh, what'd you build first, what'd you change first that started making some, really some impact on, on your business? Well, the first, first thing I started building was the emails. So like doing a new path on how I wanna do outreach. But alongside that, I also...... uh, like change the whole strategy on how I do my outreach on Instagram, and this is where, like, the big ... I noticed a big change 'cause the emails, l- like, it takes time to warm that up. It takes time. But with DMs, like, as soon as I hopped on, like, three coaching calls maybe, and there's like 30 a week or 20 a week, uh, I fixed, like, the stuff that needed to be fixed and boom, I was booking appointments, I think, like, within, I don't even know, maybe two weeks, one week. The first week was, yeah, going through the foundations, but then as soon as I started working on the, on the technical stuff, so like the outreach strate- strategies and that, yeah, it just flipped the business around. Yeah. So would you say that the coaching call was really the biggest pivotal point for you in, in see- seeing things turn around in the business? Yeah. One thing, one part was coaching calls with you, so the, uh, implementation calls or- Okay. ... that. So that was, like, more from a strategy side, and we also talked about some specific things. Uh, for example, yeah, last week we just fixed, like, the issue where everything had just stopped and, like, had a talk with you and after two days we were back in the game. Yeah. Um, but the more of the strategy part was the coaching calls inside the community, so the group calls, which they are group calls, and before joining I was a bit s- sp- specti- uh, skeptical about it 'cause there's 600 members inside Easy Grow and I was like, "Okay, if there's 600 people, maybe, like, 50 show up to each call." But no, it's like every call you get is y- you can easily have, like, a 20 minutes, 10 minutes conversation with the, with the coach 'cause really it's like they- they give so much time to everything, like even the calls are supposed to be one hour, but, like, from what I've seen from the calls I've been on, it's- the one hour is never just, okay, we're done, let's go. Yeah. Like, that's what surprised me how, um, how eng- I don't even know the word, how engaged the coaches were. So, like, they were, like, actually trying to help, not just being there for being there and saying stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Um, so yeah, that- That's great. Th- that's one, that's one of our, our pillars, man, is, is client obsession, is do whatever is good and best for the client. And if that's staying longer on a call, then it's staying longer on a call, man. (laughs) You know? Uh, so we're all about it. We're all about it. So as far as, like, strategy that you got from that call, like, what, what is the biggest strategy or framework or, um, specific tactic that they gave you, um, on that call to really help you, uh, ch- turn around your DMs? I would say it's two things. One was tracking, implementing tracking it and everything, 'cause before it was just a mess. Like, follow-ups was a big thing for me. Like, I wasn't tracking who replied to me, so if I did one follow-up, basically I- I just lost them. But now implementing the tracking sheets you guys gave me, and then having a place where I can actually see all the people that are coming through and then following up, like, using the whole follow-up system, that was a big change on how many replies I got and, like, just seeing how many people are coming through. And then also with the conversion rates, knowing what changes I need to make to the system. And then the second big part was ... That's where the big difference is between, like, the course and then the coaching calls, because when I took the course, there wa- so one part is, like, you need to make the Evergreen BSL video, and I recorded it, uh, implemented it, tried it, and it didn't work. And I was like, "Okay, maybe just the system doesn't work." But then I hopped on a call with William, uh, and Noor. Yeah, they were both on the call. Yeah. I showed them the video. They told me, "Fix this, this, this and this." Recorded the next video the same day or the next day, implemented that, and boom, just a whole turnaround. Yeah. So... Yeah. ... ............................ day. You were like, "We got ... We're back in ... We're back alive." (laughs) Yeah. I remember the Slack message you sent me. Yeah. Yeah. No, that's exciting, bro. Um, cool, man. And you mentioned earlier, uh, in our conversation about, you know, the private mentor, having me, you know, basically as a private mentor/fractional CEO. Um, through the process of change, like, what in the conversations that we've had, uh, helped you make some either changes to your approach or changes to things tactically or strategically? Um, the biggest thing was expanding my, um, outreach on different platforms. So before I was really just locked into Instagram and I was like, "Okay, I have this platform and this is the only way to do it." Yeah. And then as- as soon as I joined, um, you told me, "Okay, let's do emails." F- like, first thing I said was that, "I don't know how I'm gonna get those." But then just slowly going through the course, setting everything up, and yeah, basically solved the whole thing. So it basically broke a belief I had of, like, okay, I only have one channel to get clients. Mm-hmm. But then as soon as we went on a call, you showed me, like, what the actual options are, and that's it. And then also, your background, you were also, like, making funnels before. Uh, so, like, using that knowledge and I showed you what my product is, and you were able to assist me on that. Oh, and then the offer, I mean, there's just so many things that, like, I completely forgot. Like, that was ... I mean, yeah, I know I said a lot of things up until now, but, uh, changing the offer- Yeah. ... that must ... Like, not even, yeah, the offer, but also, like, um, my beliefs around pricing. Mm-hmm. Because before I was like, if I would have gotten...... uh, like, "Okay, let's do this. W- I'm gonna make this website. Let's do it for $500." And I was like, "Okay, that's a good price." But then just breaking them down, okay, you shou- you could charge, like, 10 times more, not like 50% more, and then, like, breaking the belief around that, and then, yeah. Well, let's, so, let's, let's, let's be, let's, let's grab some tangible numbers. What were you charging before, and what are you charging now? So, before I joined, my, like, the big product I had, um, was 7,000, uh, uh, sorry, no, that's the new price. Uh, it was 2K. Mm-hmm. Uh, and then we talked. We changed it up, like the whole offer structure, so not just same offer, different price, but also changed up the offers so it's more appealing. And then, yeah, taking the price f- from 2K to then 7K, plus a $500 retainer. Yeah. Yeah, and you, and you sold that, right? Uh, I actually sold a bit more than that. Um, I hopped on a call with this guy, and soon as I started talking to him, he wasn't the best fit for, um, like the, the 7K thing, so I didn't want to just push it down his throat. So I was like, okay, this is a bit more of a custom project. And yeah, I just said a price, 'cause, like, I knew that I could do it, but it was definitely gonna take more time, and just offered him for- offered him the thing for 10K, plus a $500 retainer. And he took it, and, like, we started, uh, about, like, a week and a half ago, and for now, like, for-from then, everything has been going, like, really well. He's happy. I'm happy. Everything's going good. That's... I love to hear that, bro. You took the 7K offer, customized it for somebody, and charged more. (laughs) (laughs) That show- that shows a big switch in your confidence, man, like knowing that your, your value, right? And being able to, being willing to stand on, like, "Yo, I'm, I'm actually doing more than what I'm charging for. I'm gonna charge this guy more than that," right? And not just settle for what I'm, what my price is, right? Mm-hmm. So that's, that's really cool. That's really cool. Uh- Also, when, like, increasing price, one thing that maybe I didn't think about before was, like, before I charged 2K, and then I put in, like, all of the work, and, like, I tried doing everything myself, and basically just trying to keep my margins 100%. But now that I charged more, I could afford to buy things to implement into the thing so it could- the product could be even better. So, like, one thing was, that I was talking with Ryan yesterday, uh, is the, like, voice AI. Or not Ryan, sorry, Aaron, um, the voice AI, and, like, that thing, it's expensive, right? And if I only charged 2K for the, the whole thing, there's no way I could have been able to afford that and then keep anything for myself. But when you increase more. Uh, sorry, when you charge more, it just shows how much, um, more you can deliver because of that increased price. Yeah. Yeah, 'cause you can make the product better. You reinvest into the product, and now you have an even better offer. Um, that's dope. That's, that's what real business owners, successful business owners do, and that's how they think. It's like, "How can I make this even better now that I'm making more money?" Right? For my clients. 'Cause it's kind of in line with what we do, client obsession. How can we make this the best product ever and keep making it better over time? So, sometimes you got to reinvest into it. So, um, let's dive into some of the numbers that you just mentioned, bro, like 10K sale. Like, talk us through how the revenue and the margins have changed for you over this, you know, last, what, month, month and a half, um, in your business. I mean, I reached my big goal. I mean, it's pretty much the same goal that every beginner entrepreneur has, reaching that 10K a month. Like, that was the biggest thing. Um... Yeah. Where were you when you first started? Um, I was at, let's say, 1.5K, I would say from when I started money, making money, so about 1.5K a month. Um, but, uh, before that, even before that, like, that's, like, a fun story. Before I charged the person 1.5K- Mm-hmm. ... uh, for, like, the, the build I made him, I was trying to make w- I was trying to make it work with, like, a performance-based thing, so no upfront fee. And then, um, like, just what I g- I get from per- for per- from performance. Uh, but I got clients with that, like getting clients was pretty easy, but just because they didn't invest, they weren't, like, invested into the thing and they didn't even want to use it. And then on the free community, this was back in, at the beginning where Charlie was still doing calls for free, 'cause now I think they're only for the VIP members. But before, he was doing calls totally for free. Yeah. There was obviously like 60 messages going through all the time, but somehow he just saw mine, and I asked him about this exact problem, like, "Should I charge, uh, straight up for performance and no upfront fee? Or should I charge a one-time fee in the beginning?" And yeah, he told me to do that. I changed it, and that's how I got my first sale. So, hmm, even that came from you guys, or Charlie. Hey. So it's been, we've been, we've been elevating your revenue from the beginning. It's just in different ways. (laughs) Yeah. Basically from zero. I mean- Yeah. ... before, like, I was making, yeah. I mean, if we look even before joining Easy Grow, it was essentially from zero with you guys. Yeah. That's cool, man. Uh, what a journey it's been. It's only been a few months. (laughs) Yeah. Yeah. So tell me this, because a lot of people, you know, they can see the business wins, but, you know, what's happening in your life right now with these, these revenue spikes, right, and the ability to know that, like, "Man, I can generate 10K a month. Like, I've done it, and I can do it again." How, what does that mean for your life personally? Hm. I mean, it's life-changing, of course. And right now, it, it's a bit new. This happened, like, this was last week, so I couldn't say, like, "Okay, this has already changed my life." I'm, like, really trying to deliver for the client, like, not focusing on the money that much. Mm-hmm. But, like, if I can just look into the future and how it could look like, if it keep, like, go, going this, uh, if it kept going like this or even better, I mean, the per- the opportunities are endless, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You'll travel a little more, right? Yeah, maybe not, 'cause the business gonna, is gonna suffer again. No, you take your business wherever you go, bro. (laughs) (laughs) Yeah. That was the plan for February but- You, we do everything, we do everything from here. (laughs) (laughs) Yeah. Um, it's just about allocating time, right? Yeah. So, cool. Um, so, for you, in, in, like, our relationship and the engagement that we have, what has that been like in your eyes? What stands out to you about how we work together on a weekly basis? I mean, the calls are awesome. Um, I'm always looking forward to them. Yeah. Um... Me too. (laughs) Uh, it's great because of the... Like, it keeps me in check with, like, what I have to do. So if we, like, if we had a talk a week ago, and you told me, "You have to do this, this, this," before, before I had some, like, a coach like this-

... it was like, okay, I'm gonna do it, but I got time, nobody's watching me. But like now that I'm here, like every week I know, okay, these are the tasks that need to be done. I got a call with Devin with the next, next week. I gotta get it done. So it kind of pushed me more to do more stuff. And then also like strategy, talking strategy on the call, so what needs to be changed, changed, like one-on-one is, that was also amazing. Yeah. That's cool, man. Yeah. I tell, I tell all of my, my clients like you, you don't want to see the Devin that, that comes out when you show up and you haven't done what you're supposed to do. And you have no excuse for it. (laughs) And they're always laughing, but they never do. They never show up without it, right? It's the accountability factor is so important. Um, so this is a, this is gonna be an interesting question. I want you kinda think about it, right? Over, over your, your entire experience just over these past couple of months, um, was there a moment where you felt like the Imperium team like really showed up for you, like maybe went the extra mile, uh, and what, what was that? Hmm. Um, one thing I wasn't expecting to be so thorough was as soon as I joined, the offer audit. Like, I knew, like, from the sales calls and everything, the sales call and everything, that there's, there was gonna be an offer audit. So when I watched the course, set up the offer, there's gonna be someone who's gonna look at it. But what I was expecting was maybe like someone's gonna comment on it, "Okay, this is good. Maybe fix this up," maybe whatever. But Will, um, yeah, William. He's also Will, yeah. Uh, he recorded like an over 10-minute video just breaking every single part down, what needs to be changed. And then also, once I applied the changes and replied to him, he als- also like fol- followed back up. Uh, like told me, "Okay, yeah, you did this good, good. It's good to go." So like just the effort that was put in, into like that one tiny part at the beginning, yeah, that was, that was amazing. Yeah. Yeah. Will, Will is a beast, man. Love him. He's amazing at what he does, bro, for sure. Um, cool. So last question and then we'll kind of, we'll kind of wrap things up. Um, what do you feel like you needed the most when you joined and do you feel like you got it? Hmm. Definitely the accountability, and I, and I got that here. I really feel like, um, like even like the calls we have with you. Yeah. That was the biggest part. Uh, but also like if I'm on a coaching call, on like the outbound coaching call with Nor, let's say, and like he tells me to do something. When I come to the call the next time, I better have it done, 'cause if I don't, like what was the point of me coming to that call? Yeah. So that was like the, that, that was the reason why I joined, and yeah, 100%. Yeah. So you get, you're getting accountability not just from me, but you're getting accountability from the coaches on the coaching calls, right? They're tell- they're telling you that you need to execute on X, Y, and Z, and y- and bring it back to them for feedback, right? Yeah. And also the community. The community's amazing. Like whenever you post something, a question or like a win or something, like not, not only the coaches, like the people who are employed there, but like all the members, they jump in, they comment, they're happy for you, like, uh, yeah. It's a, it's a good vibe inside. Yeah. Yeah. The community is amazing. Like it's, and it's nothing like having community that's engaged and there to support you and cheer you on as you're, as you're going through the same challenges that they're going through, right? So- Yeah. ... really cool, man. Really cool. Yeah. Uh, so for you, where are you heading next, bro? Like what are you, what are you working toward now that you've built this foundation and you know that, what you can do and what's possible? Just expanding. I wanna, I wanna expand how much outbound I do. Mm-hmm. Maybe hire some people. Um, like get stuff outsourced. Uh, but yeah, I just, I, r- like a big goal I have is I want to build like an insane, insane product. Like, something that when I sell, sell it to a person, like I'm 200% sure that like they're, I'm gonna change their life with this. So that's like a big goal I have. And I feel like that if I achieve that, um, the, the client acquisition side is gonna become easy. But yeah, you cannot start like with a good product because you don't have anyone to test it. So we gotta get some clients first, some clients through, and then go on from there. Yeah. And obviously you're doing that. You're reinvesting back into it already. And so I, I have utmost confidence that you're gonna create a great product, bro. Utmost confidence in that. Thank you. So if someone's watching this, man, they're sitting on the fence, 'cause there are gonna be people watching this, you know, on YouTube, on the website, places where they're, they're gonna be posting this. Think about whether, like they're thinking about whether to, to make Imperium their home, right? Make it the right place where they can build their business. Um, what would you be saying to someone like that on the fence? Hmm. I think I would recommend in joining 100%. Like if they're struggling with client acquisition, I think there's no better team out there than the, than you- your guys' team. So.Cool. I think, yeah. I mean, if someone's on the fence, like, they're probably coming from the free community and, like, they've been there. A lot of people are in there. And it is true, it is a 100% true that if the free stuff is as good as- as good a- as it is, like, the paid stuff is next level. Mm-hmm. Like, what you get inside, not just the course but the coaching asks- aspect. Like, it is so, like, before I joined, I never u- I never used to, like, join stuff like this. Like, I never, I've never had one single coach, one single course, bought nothing ever. Um, I always thought, like, I could do it myself. Everything's on YouTube and stuff. But, like, as soon as I saw, like, uh, what, uh, this looked like, like, just getting the coaches, getting calls with you, getting an actual, like, good, centralized area where you get all of your knowledge from, uh, it just changes the game. (laughs) Completely, completely agree, bro. Completely agree. Well, cool, man. Is there anything else that you wanna share? Anything we haven't covered that you think people need to know? I will tell the people again to stop si- sitting on the fence, and just pull the trigger. It is, it's really life-changing, um, more so than you can imagine. Yes, sir. I, I, I- kudos to you, bro, and all the work you've done, and I agree with everything you just said, bro. I've seen many, many pro- products over the past decade, and this is, uh, this is at the top, bro. This is at the top, and I'm excited for all the success that's to come for you in the future, man. Um, and I appreciate you doing this interview with me, um, and bro, we're just getting started. We're like a month in, month and a half in, and, uh, many, many, many more successes to come over these next, man, what? Six to eight to nine months? (laughs) Yes, sir. Cool, man. Let's get it. Let's get it. We'll talk soon, brother. We're only just getting started.