# 2.1. Achieving Omniscience

(music) Hey, everyone. Charlie Morgan here, and welcome to the mindset training in this program. Now, this video is called Achieving Omniscience, and omniscience means all seeing. And what we're gonna be doing in this video is learning how to see. And I don't mean physically, as in, like, opening your eyes. You're probably already aware of how to do that. I'm talking about something far more advanced. I'm gonna teach you how reality works, I'm gonna teach you how you perceive reality, and I'm gonna show you how your life kind of manifests to you. Now, what I can tell you is that I have become a rich man at a young age, and the reason that that happened was not to do with my business strategy, it was not to do with my sales script, it was not to do with my appointment booking systems, wasn't to do with my ads, wasn't to do with my business structure or model. It was all to do with my mindset. 80% of your results in business will come from your mind and how you see the world, and I know that right now, that you don't understand that that's how it works, and you might not believe that. And you might think all you need is the scr- is the script or, you know, the- the email systems or whatever. But trust me, as someone who's actually done this, and has actually completed this journey and gone from broke to multimillionaire in seven years, this works. And what I'm gonna do in this week and over the course of the next few videos with this mindset training is share and part with you everything that I know about engineering your mind and altering your perception of reality and yourself so you can get rich and get what you want. I cannot stress it enough, I have completed the journey of mindset. Okay? Gone from being no one, broke, dropout, loser, 18-year-old, to going on, effectively, the hero's journey with this training and creating a, you know, 10 million, 20 million a year business, and actually becoming successful. So I've done it, and I need you to pay attention, because this week two training is by far the most impactful thing that you will ever experience. 'Cause I went through some mindset training when I was, um, starting my- my business, and, you know, that thing basically changed my life. And I watched it 100 times and literally just over and over again, like, repeatedly non-stop watched it, and it got me to the point where I am now. And so what I've done is I've taken that training and, you know, I've- I've fleshed it out and I've made it ten times better, and now I'm gonna share it with you. And this has not been an easy task. This video alone has taken me three months to build because of the level of complexity surrounding it. This video and the next video, the one you're gonna watch next, by far some of the hardest recording I've ever done, and that's saying something because I've done my 10,000 hours (laughs) of- of program recording, you know, in terms of making videos. So without further ado, let us achieve omniscience and learn how to see. So here's what we're gonna cover in this video: objective reality; observation mechanisms; subjective reality; paradigm; the black flower analogy; paradigm variance; reality ladder; experiencing experience; and experiences explained. You'll notice that this video is pretty long. I'm sure that you kind of are starting to gather by now the way this program's gonna go, is, um, I'm not gonna leave you guessing. I'm gonna give you everything. And yes, it's gonna be a bit annoying for you to have to go through, but that's just the game, okay? So welcome to Achieving Omniscience. Now, I've made the videos and the resources in this mindset series to achieve one objective, and that is to completely change your reality. I have no interest in offering you motivational pep talks, I have no interest in offering you shiny objects, and I have no interest in offering you or telling you to take- partake in temporary protocols of behavior that bring about short-lived change, like monk mode. This is not a motivational, you know, happy-go-lucky, pull yourself up by the bootstraps training. This is noth- this is the furthest thing from that. I'm not interested in that at all. These videos will completely shatter the way that you see the world. They're gonna totally break down your current state of perception, identity, and worldview so that something new and better can be built out of the rubble produced by the mental wrecking ball that is this module. Now, excuse the poetic nature of this sentence, but I am going to blow your mind. And I'm not just gonna blow ... Um, you're not just gonna walk away from this thinking, "Wow, that was cool." You're gonna walk away from this, like, you know, with some- with like a- a- a mild existential crisis. If you don't leave today's video and the next video with some discomfort of, like, the fact that you haven't seen the world like this before, then I've- I haven't done a good job here, okay? (laughs) Now, a little warning. If you are not prepared for drastic, irreversible positive change, then I want you to leave this video and program and come back when you feel like you're ready, because this video here ... Week one was important, you know, the foundations and the business foundations. That's important stuff. You need to know that, and it's imperative to your success. But this video...... this mindset training here, this, this, this week, this, this series, the Self-Transcendence Training. This is- this video marks the change of the rest of your life. Okay? It really does. Like, if you get this stuff right, and you pay attention, and you watch this hundreds of times over and over again, this thing, if you let it, will completely change your life. And I know it will, because it did for me. I'm not theory crafting. I'm not coming up with some woo-woo stuff. This is practical observations that I have made going from zero to having made multi-eight figures and living the life of my dreams, okay? And I'm no- I have no doubt that this paradigm will get me to a billion. Now, after watching these videos, you and your life will not be the same, and these videos will set off a chain reaction of thoughts, ideas, and beliefs and behaviors that will take you on a journey towards success and prosperity. You have been warned, okay? It's like Pandora's box. Once you open it, there's no closing it. Once you understand and, you know, comprehend the contents of this content, you will not be able to go back to your old life, okay? The videos here in week two exist to change your reality. It's entirely possible to completely manipulate and adjust your reality according to your wishes. But the question is, is, what is reality? Because in order to change reality, you must first understand its nature. You've got to understand where it comes from and your relationship with it. I intend to show you how to bend reality to your will, conquer it, subdue it, and make it so that the future unfolds in a way that you design and control. So, how the hell am I supposed to help you change your reality, change your life, if you don't understand what reality is in the first place? So, that's the purpose of this video, is you coming to terms with the first principles of reality and how this thing actually works, okay? Now, this is serious business. This isn't some woo-woo, happy-go-lucky spiritual crap. This is real, hardcore, heavy taking information that took me from $30 a day to $30,000 a day in just a few years. In fact, the other day, I made $90,000 in one day, and that's becoming more common now, like, you know, we're getting to this multi-eight-figure point. I wasn't super smart nor was I super talented. I wasn't born with it. I simply implemented the life-changing advice I will be sharing with you throughout the next few videos as we go through this module. Now, the difference between a successful student of mine and an unsuccessful student of mine is how closely they listen to the following series of videos in this week two Self-Transcendence Mindset training. And I want you to follow it religiously, because the information in this c- in this, in this thing took this guy here from nothing to someone who actually made a lot of money. So, let's get into it. So, the first thing that we're gonna do here is understand what reality actually is. So, we're gonna start with objective reality, and this is gonna take a minute or two for me to explain, so strap yourself in and pay attention. Let's begin. Pay attention. Full focus, full force. I don't want you watching this thing in two times speed with your phone on your desk. Take this seriously, okay? Okay. Reality is defined as the sum of everything that exists in the perceivable universe. Now, the cool thing about reality is it exists in a pure form called objective reality, okay? Now, objective reality is basically reality unobserved by a human. This is the state of things as they actually exist, okay? Objectively. Here, nothing has meaning. Things are just as they are. Nothing is anything. In objective reality, nothing is warped by human perception, bias, or belief. So, imagine the world existing, the physical world existing, and the abstract world existing without any human to observe it. Just imagine that for a second. There would be no judgments. There would be no identities. There- nothing would be tall or short. Nothing would be long. Nothing would be anything. Nothing would be. Things would just exist as they are without us biasing it. Now, that might- that sounds a bit confusing, so I'm gonna use examples, don't worry. Imagine the world with no humans to observe it. Nothing would be anything. Nothing would be big or small. And you might be thinking, "Well, no, because, you know, if Mount Everest existed, you know, it's big." It's like, well, h- why? If there's no human to observe something, that, that thing isn't anything. It's, like Mount Everest is just Mount Everest. It's not big or small. It's just a mountain that exists, in the same way that nothing would be right or wrong. Nothing would be good or bad. You know, let's say that, you know, if lions and gazelles existed and a lion hunted a gazelle, that- without a human to observe it, if you remove yourself and you remove everyone, all that's happened is a lion's eaten a gazelle. It's not evil or good or bad or- it's not anything. It just happened, right? With no human to observe something and cast a subjective perception, things simply exist as they are. And this is called objective reality. Now, in theory, objective reality exists, but it's in- it's really difficult for us to comprehend the idea of things existing as they are without being anything, because all we ever know is our subjective perception. And so, you know, let's take the Atlantic Ocean. The Atlantic Ocean exists as a component of objective reality. But without a human to observe it, it's not anything. It's not like, okay, well, the Atlantic Ocean is, you know, next to America or it's off the coast of the UK. 'Cause America and the UK are just things that we've created to, to name land masses.You know? Same thing with, like, the Atlantic Ocean. It's not deep, it's not vast, it's not wide, it's not blue, it's not anything. It just exists as it is. Things like... Words like wide, deep, blue, you know, off the coast, or whatever, these are things that we've created to interpret and comprehend the objective to create a subjective experience. And the reason that this is important for you to understand is because p-... The world exists in a pure form. Like, you need to understand this. It exists in, in, in, like, its pure, rawest form of truth. But the issue, is what happens, is when we observe reality, is we observe it through our paradigm and through our lens, which is what we're gonna talk about in this video. And most people, and a lot of people, have paradigms and lenses that aren't particularly accurate, and that creates lots of problems for us, which is what we need to correct. But the way th- the only way that something can be anything or mean anything is for a human to observe it. So, you know, let's take a million dollars, right? Well, without a human to observe a million dollars, it's not a lot of money and it's not a small amount of money. Like, a million dollars is not a lot of money and it's not a small amount of money. It's just a million dollars. Like, think about that for a second there. Like, if you remove the human, it's just a million dollars. It's not a lot, it's not a little, it's not good, it's not bad. Doesn't make you happy, doesn't make you sad. It just exists. And the same example as earlier. Without a human to observe it, Mount Everest is not big or small, it's just Mount Everest. And you might be thinking, "Well, of course it's big. You know, it's the biggest mountain in the world." But that's only... That's just what we think, right? And, um, objectively, yes, it is the biggest mountain in the world. But the concept of biggest, or big, is a human construction. These things that we have created to give reality meaning and to map reality and make it comprehendible aren't real. Like, the idea that one mountain's bigger than another doesn't exist in nature. It's d-... Mount- mountains are just, you know, geological formations as a result of, of time (laughs) and, you know, events. It's like, big doesn't exist, it's just something that we create, right? And without a human to observe it, a pepper, let's take a Carolina Reaper, like a spicy pepper, peppers aren't spicy, they're not mild, they're just peppers, right? So, you know, it, they don't, they're, they're not, they're not these things, objectively. Now, to us, Mount Everest is big, a million dollars is a lot of money, peppers are spicy, okay? Our reality, our subjective experience, is that those things exist. But my point here is that you can remove, in, in your, uh, in your mind, you can remove the human, and we can take an abstraction here, and reality can exist in its purest form without judgment. Y- you might be wondering, "What the hell does this have to do with making money?" Trust me, it will all come full circle in the next couple of videos and it will all make sense. And without a human to observe it, gravity isn't strong nor weak. It's just gravity. So you might say that, you know, on the, like, out in space, the, like, gravity is really weak. There's no gravity. It's like, well, w- w- what... That doesn't mean anything. That's just a, that's just something that we've created, right? And without a human to observe it, the Pacific isn't deep or shallow, it's just the Pacific. It just exists. And without a human to observe it, democracy, or the concept of democracy, isn't good or bad, it's just democracy, right? Without a human to observe it, an explosion isn't loud or quiet, it's just an explosion. Like, you know, you might be thinking, "Okay, well, let's say that an atomic bomb dropped, and, you know, no one was there to observe it," and, you know, you, you'd probably say, like, "Oh, but, you know, the exp- the explosion's gonna be loud." And it's like, well, sure, if you're there to observe it, then it's loud to you, right? But let's, let's take a, a cosmic being, an alien, and to them, an atomic explosion could be quiet. And what this means is that if something is up for, if something, if something is up for subjective measure, then its interpretation is not real. It's very much real to you, but in, in the objective eyes of the world, it's not real. Like, an explosion isn't loud or quiet, it's just an explosion. But the second that you get an, uh, a human to observe the explosion, it becomes loud or quiet. So only by adding an observer to an event do we give it meaning. Before the observer's there, it just happens, okay? Without a human to observe it, a rock isn't blunt or sharp. It's just a rock. So imagine a rock on a beach, a big rock with no human to observe it. It's not anything. It's just atoms, you know, in the structure of this rock thing. But then the second a human walks up to the rock and touches it, the human can be like, "Oh, this is sharp," or, "This is blunt." Without the human, it's nothing. It's just a rock. And without a human to observe it, a lion isn't aggressive or passive, it's just a lion. And without a human to observe it, money isn't easy or hard to make, it's just money. And without a human to observe it, a Lamborghini isn't expensive or cheap, it's just a Lamborghini. And you might be thinking, "Well, of course a Lamborghini's expensive. They're like 200 grand." But they're only expensive because you think they are. You've, you've created that. Like, it's not... That, the, the idea of something being expensive or cheap is a human construct. Like, that's come from us. It hasn't come from... It's not a physical, you know, law of, or structure of the universe. It's not a natural structure. It's something that we've created. You might then be like, "Well, a Lambo is something we've created. You know, we, we, we build Lamborghinis as humans and, you know, we've invented them." Sure. But my point is that all these meanings that we give things... Like, a Lamborghini, at first principle, is just colored metal and glass and rubber, right? You give it the meaning, you give it the status, and you, you say, you, you m-... Like, "Oh, a Lamborghini's really fast." It's like, well, like, yeah, sure, that's what you think, but it really is just a Lamborghini, you know? And I know this sounds a bit weird, but this will become really clear. Trust me, I've been figuring this out for, like, three months, and when I got to this point, which was the beginning, it, it took me a long time. So it's okay if it takes you a minute, but bear with me and I'll explain. All of these adjectives, you know, big, small, loud, quiet, lots, little, spicy, mild, strong, weak, good, bad, deep, shallow, sharp, blunt, passive, aggressive, hard, easy, up, down, fast, slow, angry, calm, happy, sad, ugly, beautiful, easy, hard, possible, impossible, cheap, expensive, any describing verb is a human construct. All of these terms and ideas are human constructs designed to give meaning to, navigate, and perceive reality. These are not part of objective reality. They don't exist unless humans do. And this is such an important idea. These, like, these things, all of these things here on the backend, they don't exist without a human. And what this means is that reality really does exist in a pure form, which is called objective reality, where things just exist in the state that they are without any human to, you know, observe them. They just exist. Nothing is anything. Things just are, right? Nothing has any meaning, nothing has any, you know, comprehendibility. It just exists. When you remove humans from the equation, nothing is anything. Nothing has meaning. Things just exist as they are, unaltered by our perception and unconnected from everything else. And this is what I mean when I say objective reality. Now, reality as a whole, objective reality, is made up of components, okay? So when you make a- ... an observation or when you make- when you experience something, you're experiencing a component of reality. And everything is a component. And reality is the term that we use to aggregate all of the components together. So, for example, um, I'm looking around my desk right now and I can see my camera, okay, that I make YouTube videos for. That camera is a component of reality. And I can see my mouse, and I can see a bottle top, you know, from- from the water I was drinking earlier. That's a component, right? I can see my monitor. Anything that you can observe or comprehend is a component. And when you add all of these things together, you get reality. So, reality is- isn't- it's not really anything, it's just the collection of everything put together, if that makes sense. Now, so when I talk about components, by the way, later in this video, that's the context. Now, components of reality are split into two forms. So, every component is made up of two- like, it's one of two things. We have intangible reality and we have tangible reality. So, intangible reality, and by the way, I didn't say this was gonna be easy to understand. I know this is a little bit- a little bit out there, but like I said, just bear with me, keep your head locked in, and this will make sense, and it will, and then you'll be like, you know, "Oh, okay, I get it." So, intangible reality, these are components of reality that cannot be physically seen or felt. Now, you might be thinking, "How the hell can something be part of reality if I can't see it?" You know, like, I can see my- the pen on my desk and I can see my water bottle, like, those things are part of my reality. Well, I would challenge you and say something like, "Well, what about the law?" Or, what about, like, money, or what about democracy? Like, you know, what about the idea of your mother, right? Like, your mother is a- is a human being and she's a person and, you know, you can see her, or hopefully you can if she's still alive, I hope she is. You can see her and you can touch her, right? And she's real, very much real, but that's just her body. But the idea of mother or father or family or friend is intangible, right? So, the point here is that there are things that exist in reality that cannot be physically seen or felt, and they're very much real. Because to us, like, democracy is real, but you can't touch it. You might be thinking, "Yeah, but I can go and vote and I can touch the ballot paper and, you know, I can- I can, mm, d- do that and write down my name, who I wa- who I want to- to, you know, to vote for." But that's not democracy, that's just a piece of paper, right? So, the idea of democracy and, you know, the idea of gravity, for example, it's very real, it's part of our reality, and, you know, we- we can comprehend it and perceive it, but we just can't do that physically. We have to use our imagination, okay? Same thing with memories. All these things that are very much real to you, you can't hold, can't see, can't touch. And now, the other side of reality is tangible reality. So, these are components of reality that can be physically seen or felt. So, the camera on the desk. If you've got a dog, if you've got, you know, a, um- if you've got a jumper on your desk, or if- if- if you're looking around and you can see your feet (laughs), you know? Hopefully you don't have those horrible things out (laughs). I'm just joking. But, you know, you get my point. These are things in reality that you can physically see or feel, okay? Like, for example, you know, music. Like, you might think that music is intangible but you can listen to it, you can feel it in the same way that, you know, you can eat something and that- that thing is- is very much, you can feel it. So, anything that you can feel through your senses or see is tangible. Now, objective reality, as we know, is the state of things as they actually exist. So, once again, things that haven't been observed by a human, that haven't been given meaning, they just exist, they just are. They're not anything, they're not big or small or good or bad or happy or sad, they just exist, okay? So, before a human obs- imagine something before a human observes it, what is it? It's nothing. It just is a thing. And I know (laughs) that's so hard to comprehend but, you know, like, let's say that- take- take something on your desk right now, right? Like, say you've got a- I've got a pen on my desk, right? I'm looking at this pen and, to me, this pen is, um, it's black, so it's got black ink, uh, it's medium-sized, and I know that it means, like, writing, and I know- I know what it means, right? And, you know, it's plastic and I can- you know, it's hard and I can feel it. But if I wasn't here to observe this pen, the pen isn't- it's not made out of plastic, it's not big or small, it's not black or white, it just exists, okay? I give it the meaning through my subjective observation, okay? I know it still might be a little confusing, but keep going through it.Can you? Not really. You can touch a $10 bill, but you can't touch the concept of money. Gravity, democracy, calories, time, language, story, natural selection, memory, numbers. Here's a big one, numbers. You can't touch numbers. You can't see numbers. You might think, like, "Yeah, but I can type 1 on my keyboard and see the number 1." Yeah, sure, you can see the representation of the abstract, but you can't actually see numbers. Like, don't get me wrong, you can see the numbers on a screen or you can write them down, but the idea, you know, the abstraction that we've created, they're not real. You can't- you can't- you can't touch them. You could, you could carve out a number 1 out of wood, but you'd just be touching wood. (laughs) Do you know what I mean? Like, it's not p- not real. Uh, it is real, but in your head. Anger, society, psychology, business. There's tens of thousands of these things. All of these things are intangible. They are very real, but they cannot be physically seen or felt or observed. Then we have tangible objective reality. So this is part two, the part that exists and can be physically interacted with using our five senses. So we've got our sight, our smell, our touch, our hearing, and our taste. And this part exists in the physical form. It can be touched, seen, heard and smelled and tasted. So, like, you know, a tree or a keyboard, or like a human, or a $10 note, or a clock, or a burger, or a watch, or a dog, or a dictionary, or an earthquake, Netflix episode, you know. Like, with Netflix episode, for example, let's say that you watch a movie on Netflix. You can watch the movie, and the movie is tangible insofar as the fact that you can touch it and you can feel it. But the story that underlines the movie, you cannot see, but you can s- you still, you still have a sense of it. It's still real, but you just, you can't, you know, you can't, you can't, you can't, like, experience it physically. You experience the movie, but not the story underneath it, at least not physically through your senses. You understand it in your mind, if that makes sense. And then we have books, headphones, mountains, Rubik's Cubes, tennis balls, notepads, laptops, millions of things. Everything that you can touch and see and physically observe is here, and everything that you... is still real, but you can't really see and touch is here. Like natural selection or evolution, very real, you know? And you can, you can draw a diagram to sort of represent it, but it's not something that you can, like, actually see. You can only see representations of it. Like, for example, like with a tree, like a tree i- is- is real. Like, if you go and touch a tree, it's like, this tree exists, but if you see, like, it- it- this- i- th- uh, that is what it is. It's not a representation of a tree. It's not an abstraction of a tree. It's just a tree. But with natural selection or evolution, you can observe a diagram, but that diagram represents the abstract, right? In the same way that the m- the- the movie represents the story. So you can physically observe the movie, but the story is something that exists in your head that you follow along with, in the same way that language is a- is- is- is an abstraction. So, the words that we use in writing things down and stuff, you can read the words, but they represent the language, okay? Now, the sum of all observable components, intangible and tangible, make up what we know as objective reality. Okay? So c- all you need to know for this section is that reality exists in a pure form of truth, unadultered or unfiltered by human observation. The reali- reality exists as it is. Without a human to observe it, it's not anything. And there are two forms of objective reality, the intangible and the tangible, the things that we can touch and see and the things that we cannot touch and see. Okay? Now, the question is, is how do we observe reality? Like, how do we give things meaning and sound in the world? Because, you know, it's a pretty remarkable thing here, because, you know, you... Like, if I've got a bottle on my desk here that I can see, a bottle full of water, uh, I can, I can observe this thing and I can interact with it. I can pick it up. I can drink from it. I can put it down. I can move it away from me. I can move it closer. I can deduce whether it's a big bottle or a small bottle. I could turn it into a weapon if I wanted to, like... You know, it's a pretty unique thing to be able to do, you know, which is basically navigating reality and, and comprehending it and being able to interact with it. So, how do we do this? Like, how on earth do humans have the ability to observe reality? Well, reality is observed by humans using two mechanisms, and depending on what we're dealing with, we use different mechanisms. So, if we're dealing with tangible reality, these things here that we can physically see and touch, then basically, we're using our five senses. Okay? So anytime you interact with tangible reality, if I can see this bottle, (glass clinking) if I can knock on it, I can pick it up, I can move it around, I'm using my five senses. I'm not using my imagination, I'm using my five senses. However, if we wanna deal with intangible reality, then we have to use the second mechanism, which is our imagination. And this is where you use your memory and your imaginary experiences. Okay? So, you know, if I wanted to imagine that this water bottle was full, then, you know, I could use it. Or let's say that I wanted... I was a kid and I was playing a game of rocket ships, and I wanted to imagine that this water bottle was a rocket ship, and now I'm taking it to space. Like, you know, you can use your imagination as well as your five senses to comprehend objective reality. Okay? Now, c- these are your tools for observation. If you wanna observe reality, there are no alternatives. The only way that you can experience the world and observe it is by using your five senses or your imagination. Now, if you want to observe tangible reality, you use your five senses. So, you know, if you're looking at a tree, or a photo, or a piece of art, or you're listening to music, or you're eating a meal or something like that, or you're having a conversation, then you're using your five senses. But if you wanna observe intangible reality, then obviously you use your imagination.So, let's say that you wanted to comprehend justice, or depression, or empathy, or status, or a political movement. These are intangible things that you use your imagination to comprehend, okay? 'Cause how, like, you might not think of status, like, "Oh, well, buying a nice watch or buying a nice car, that elevates your social status." It's like, yes, but the car and the watch represents the intangible. The car and the watch are tangible vehicles for the intangible to be understood. But really, to understand status, you have to use your mind. You have to use your brain. You can't see it. You might think you can because you can see the car, but the car represents something. If you were just looking at a Lamborghini, then it's like, "Oh, it's just a Lamborghini." But the second that you think, "Oh, that's a high-status car," well, now you're using your imagination to comprehend the idea of status. Okay? Now, your reality is fundamentally constrained to two things. A, your imaginary... Oh, sorry. A, your immediate sensory experience, and B, your imagination. So, the... your ability to comprehend this thing called reality is, you know, really just limited to these two things. But you're also constrained by them, because in order for you to know what exists and what is true and what is real, you have to be able to perceive it. And what that means is that you are constrained to these two things, which is your immediate sensory experience and your imagination. And so, this is kind of unique because... Let's say that you grow up in the jungle. In the... Let's just say you grow up in the Congo jungle in Africa. And you grow up with your parents, but you have no contact with the outside world whatsoever. You have no concept of money or society or civilization. You just live in a really small tribe and you've never seen another human, you've never seen a plane, you've never seen anything at all. Well, your reality is constrained to these things because, you know, you're not gonna get rich because you don't even know what money is. Do you know what I mean? It's kind of like, the- these... You- you can't go beyond your sensory experiences and your imagination. And to a massive degree as well, your imagination is fundamentally constrained to your immediate sensory experience because how on Earth could someone in the jungle imagine money and making money when they've never perceived money with their sensory experiences? You know? So, it's kind of like (clears throat) there are things that are built in, like for example, religion. There are things that are coded into people. And I'm not saying that religion is this thing that's coded into you, but my point is that, you know, people in the jungle, they might believe in a god, you know? And that might be because we have a theological bias, and you can use your imagination to comprehend that even if you have no immediate sensory experience of the church or the mosque or the synagogue or whatever, right? But you're constrained by these things. And, you know, if you've grown up and all your life you've gone without experiencing something that you didn't know exists, like... Here's the thing about reality. If you haven't perceived it or observed it, it doesn't exist to you. So, you know, like, for example, the other day, yesterday, I discovered that there's a country called Andorra, which is, um, which is on the, is a tiny country in between Spain and France. I didn't, I didn't even know that that existed (laughs). So, to me, I've been, basically my reality, my subjective reality for, for the last 20, t- 26, 27 years has been one that Andorra doesn't exist, and that there's... If someone asked me, like, if there, is there a country between the border of, of France and Spain, I'd be like, "No." I'd be like, "Are you an idiot?" Like, of course, it's not. But that's because, like, the information that Andorra exists has never entered my immediate sensory experience. I've never seen it on a map. No one's ever talked about it. I've never seen a video on it. No information's come into my awareness. And therefore, to me, it doesn't, it's not real. It doesn't exist. It's no different from the person in the jungle not being able to comprehend the idea of money or banks because they've never perceived them, right? So, you're, you're really constrained by this, like, fundamentally you're constrained. And I want you to imagine that humans, we humans, are like gigantic projectors. This is how we observe reality, okay? So, this is all, you know, a bit out there, this objective reality thing, but like, how do we actually observe or perceive this stuff? Because, you know, trees exist, dogs exist, Rubik's Cubes exist, time exists, democracy exists, gravity exists, but, but how do we know? Like, how the hell do we observe these things? Well, here's how it works. One, we receive sensory inputs or we imagine them, okay? So, it starts by you receiving information from your environment or it starts by you imagining something, okay? And we process these inputs, either imaginary or sensory, by creating electrical impulses in our brains. And as we do this, we instantaneously project what we observe in our mind as an experience, okay? So, reality manifests to us as an experience, and all your life is, is basically just a lot of experiences back to back to back, right? So, for example, let's say, let's take a movie, a film. What's a movie? Let's say it's two hours long. Well, if you break a movie down, all it is, is a collection of what we would call frames. And it's literally just frame by frame, which is these little millisecond-long clips that are strung together to create the movie. And your life kind of operates in the same way, where your reality and your life, and this timeline of existence that you have, is just a collection of frames. Mini- like these tiny, little, thin, minuscule moments in time, like bolted on top of each other over and over again, create your life. And these are experiences. So, you, you know, you're having an experience right now, and now you're having a new one, and a new one, and a new one. And how we, how we understand the passage of time and reality is by creating experiences. And it's no different from having a movie that, you know, is just loads, like millions and millions of little frames clipped together and, you know, compiled in a linear order to tell a story. That's basically our life. So, let's say, for example, you eat a burger. Well, you're having an experience when you eat that burger. Really, it's a lot of mini-experiences put into one, which then, you know, creates another experience. So, every millisecond, you, you know, you can imagine like it's a, it's like your, it's like every millisecond that passes, your brain is taking like a screenshot of what you see, and, you know, it's just, it's doing it so quickly that it's like it's, this is kind of like you're experiencing life like a video. Because that's all a video is, is it's just a collection of loads of photos (laughs). And if you don't believe me, then, you know, you can go and like slow it down and just, it's just frame by frame. You know, just things that clip together. And so eating a burger would be a tangible experience. You're experiencing tangible, objective reality when you eat the burger. And let's say that you go to- ... a music festival. Well, that's a tangible experience, you know? You're listening to music, you're dancing, you're drinking, whatever. But let's say you experience a dream. Well, the dream is intangible. So let's say that, you know, you go to bed tonight and you have a dream that you climb Mount Everest, right? Well, that didn't happen. Kind of- it kind of is. It's still real to you. Obviously, you know that it's not real, but the interesting thing about a dream is it's- even though it's not real, it's part of reality, because it happened. Even though it, it didn't happen in a true sense, it still happened, like, in this, in this abstract sense of your imagination. And, you know, the dream that you've had can still go on to influence your life and your perspective and your belief systems. And if you don't believe me, I'm gonna get into this and it's gonna all make sense. And the experience of democracy. So, you know, if you live in Western society or, like, you know, a, a, a typical Western country, then you probably experienced democracy through your political system. And this is, this is something you experience. You, you, you experience it because people, you know, get into power and, you know, they've been voted in and such, and this is intangible. It's not something that you can point to or see or touch. It's not... Democracy is not the, the voting station, it's not the polls, it's not the politicians. It's this universal, you know, social agreement that we've all d- decided is, is what is best for us in society. It's very much real, but you can't touch it and you can't see it. All you can touch and see are physical representations of it that deduce your understanding. And this, my friends, is called consciousness. This is consciousness, right? All consciousness is, is a string of experiences. It's taking what happens every millisecond or every millisecond of every millisecond of every millisecond, and it's- your brain's just taking constant screenshots and stringing them together in a very, very, very high definition, high FPS, high frame rate video, and that's what you experience. Fortunately, we can use our consciousness to manipulate reality and trick it into changing what we want. And the reason I'm starting with this understanding and, you know, this, this sort of idea, is because this really puts you in control. People think that reality just happens, and people think that their life and the way that they live and their reality is just this thing that's just been forced upon them by the universe and they're not in control and, you know, they- that's just- it is what it is, everything happens for a reason, it's ju- that's just life. Not true. In the same way that the director of a movie or the writer of an auth- uh, the writer of a book can determine the direction and trajectory of the plot, you can do the exact same thing using your consciousness. But you cannot do that unless you comprehend your ability to perceive in the first place. Because imagine the writer trying to change the direction of the novel if the writer didn't believe that they were in control of the novel. Imagine if the writer just thought, "I'm just gonna close my eyes and scribble and whatever comes out is just- you know, I'm not in control of this plot, it's just coming out of me." That's what people think about their life. They don't think they're in control, they don't think they have any ability to manipulate it or change it, they think it just happens. And this is the first problem of the mindset training here that I'm trying to address, is you can be in control, but the only way that you gain control is if you think you are in control. And if you think you're not, then you're not gonna try. Now, it gets a little deeper than this, and we're gonna continuously build on this information. And you might need to rewatch this video a couple of times for all of this stuff to make sense, especially the, the representation stuff up here. But as I go through this, this will make sense. So it gets a li- little bit deeper, because what we can do is we can map reality across time, because there are six dimensions of reality, okay? And this is really- this, this, this, this idea here, this took me, and I'm not even joking, three weeks of staring at a whiteboard to get and understand, but now I get it, it makes sense. I'm gonna share it with you. So, we know that reality exists across three dimensions of time, because we have the past, okay? The past reality. So this is what reality was, okay? So imagine, like, a screenshot of what happened. All of the experiences that you've had and that have built up are your past reality, okay? In the same way that if you're creating a movie or writing a book, let's say that you're writing a book and, you know, you're writing and you're now writing page 150. Well, page 1 to 149, that's the past, that's what you have done, okay? That's what reality was. And then we have present reality, which is what reality is, and that is what you're doing in the immediate moment here and now, right now. So what ha- what I was just talking about, all of this stuff that we get- we got up to here a minute ago, that is now past reality for you. That is footage that's been locked away in your memory and can be re-accessed if you wish to find it, right? Not all memories can be re-accessed, because they fade with time, but if I, if, if, if I ask you to pause the video and just think about what you had for breakfast this morning, you could, you know, go into your imagination and, and recall that and then create an imaginary experience and you could perceive the past. It is possible to perceive and observe the past. And if you don't believe me, pause the video, close your eyes, and tell me what you had for dinner yesterday. Close your eyes. "I went..." And you, you know, you're using your imagination and you're creating, like, an image in your head or you're creating a narrative or some words in your head, and bang, now, now I know what you had f- for dinner yesterday. You just successfully perceived the past. And you can't perceive something if it doesn't exist, which is why reality can exist as a past dimension, okay? Then we have present reality, so that's what reality is.And then, we have future reality, and that's what reality will be. And this is where things get- this is where things, for me, when I was making this video got confusing 'cause I was like, "How can reality exist in the future?" But it does, right? And I'm gonna explain this. So, we have what- what reality was, what it is, and what it will be, or what it could be. Because here's where things get interesting, is if I ask you, "What are you gonna have for breakfast tomorrow?" you can tell me because you can set an intent, and then you can make that happen, which means that you have just successfully perceived the future and acted it out. So you- like, you know, if- if I said to you- if I said to you, "What are you gonna name your firstborn child if it's a son?" And you say, "Oh, I know, I'm gonna call it Charlie, after Charlie Morgan 'cause he's a total legend," right? Let's say that you- (laughs) let's- I'm joking. But let's say that you did that. N- now, if you have a son, you're gonna name it- a- and you name it Charlie, you have now- you perceived the future before it happened. And this is the most unique and, um, beautiful thing that we have going for us as human beings, is our ability to perceive the future and act it out. And this is why we are truly in control. Because p- this is why people get confused and why people- people fail is because they think they're not in control of the future. They think the future is just this weird gray area of stuff that just unfolds and is comp- that- that- that- that- they are completely at the mercy of. That's not true. Because if that was the case, then you'd have a panic attack every time you went to do your breakfast, and you'd have a panic attack every time, you know, you decided what to wear in the morning. Or, you know, you'd have a panic attack every time you had to, you know, d- think about what question you were gonna ask someone on a- on a first date. And say you're like, you know, "I'm gonna- I've- I've gotta..." Like, let- 'cause imagine not being able to perceive the future. Like, you do this every day because, you know, you probably have, like, a calendar or a schedule and an al- like, let's say you set an alarm. Like, "I'm setting an alarm. The future reality is that I will wake up at 7:00 AM tomorrow." So, you set the alarm, and you wake up at 7:00 AM. You predicted the future. It's within your control. Now, don't get me wrong, there's lots of stuff in the future that is out of your control, like which politician gets into power, or what world war breaks out, or, you know, whether your mum falls down the stairs or something. Probably not a very nice image for you. But there's things that you can't control. But you can perceive and control the little corner of reality that is within your control in your life can be controlled. Now, reality can only be observed in the present. And this sounds a little contradictory, right? Because I've just told you that you can perceive reality in the future and the past. You can go back to your imagination, and you can go forward in your imagination, and you can imagine what you're gonna do and what you have done, and those two things are very real. They're- they- they- they- they are very much real because, you know, you can comprehend them. But the issue is that in order for you to visit the past or visit the future, you have to go through the present. Because let me give you a thought experiment for a second here. When do you set your alarm? When do you decide what you're gonna eat for breakfast? When do you think about what you did yesterday? Or when do you think about a memory? You do it now. So, in order for you to recall from memory something, or in order for you to project an idea into the future, you do it in the here and now, which means that the gateway to perceiving the past or the future is in the present, which is why all of the power that you have in your life and p- all of the ability to control and manipulate reality is given to you, the gift of- is given to you in the present. You can only think about the past or perceive the future in the present moment, because, you know, you're not in the future when you're perceiving it, and you're not in the past when you're perceiving it. Because as human beings, we only have the ability to act and decide and think in the here and now. But we can use the here and now to visit the past or the future, okay? Now, as a human, your ability to observe reality is, as we know, fundamentally constrained to your five senses and your imagination and the present moment. And let me just re- retouch on this- this constraint here, because this is something that's really important. This is something that changed my life. When I was, um, when I was 17, um, I didn't really know that you could be successful. Like, my fa- my father was, um, had, like, a successful career in finance, but not like an- a- not- not like entrepreneurially, like, you know, millions and millions of dollars and billions of dollars and stuff. Like, I didn't- I didn't know that you could be successful. I thought, at 17 or 18 years old, that the only way that you got rich was by being a celebrity or by being, like, a sports person, and I didn't- I- I wasn't gonna be able to- to do either. So, to me, my reality, my financial reality, was constrained 'cause I didn't even know that entrepreneurship existed. I didn't even know that business was a thing. Like, of course I knew that people ran, like, restaurants and, you know, people ran, like, bars, and, you know, I knew that people had businesses. But one day, I watched an ad- an ad on- on Facebook, and it was some guy giving, like, a house tour of his mansion in Beverly Hills, and he was talking about being an entrepreneur, and I- the- the word entrepreneur had never ever entered my five senses before, and I'd never imagined it. And so, I found this word, this idea, entrepreneur, which is- is actually like this intangible abstraction, right? It's not- entrepreneur's not a real thing you can't touch or s- or- or, you know, or see entrepreneur. You can see representations of it in human form. Like, you might look at me and poke me and be like, "Entrepreneur," but I'm just- I'm a human being. You're just touching my flesh and my s- my skin, you know? I'm not the abstraction of entrepreneur, I'm just a human that is an entrepreneur, right? So, I had to Google the term, and I had to Google entrepreneur and find out what it was and learn about it. And th- the second that I received that information, my life changed forever. It's kind of like, you know, it's like living in the jungle and, you know, being like everyone dying really early, and then it's like discovering antibiotics in the jungle.It's like, until you discover it, you can't use it and you can't act it out. But anyway, you know, this is, this is why like I'm, I'm making this training and I wanna make it, uh, clear to you that a lot of the reason that you're suffering right now is because there are things that you... that exist that would help you that you don't yet perceive. You are yet to... Like, you might think that what you perceive and what you experience is everything that you ever could, but it's not. There are things out there, there are pieces of information locked away that you can find that will completely alter the course of your life. Completely. Now, this is the critical information argument that I was making in week one. And the present moment, here and now, as I'm speaking, as you're listening, as you're having this experience, is the gateway to the observation of the past and the future. Understand, you cannot experience past reality and you cannot experience future reality unless you're in the present moment. If you want to imagine or observe the past or future, you can only do it in the present moment. And if you wish to observe past reality or future reality, you gotta do it through the gateway of the present. You can't observe without being in the present. And this is kinda what it looks like, right? So, you know, i- p-... We really are constrained by our immediate sensory awareness and our immediate imaginary awareness. And, like, you can't go... I, I, I, I know this is like I'm repeating myself here, but you can't visit the past or the future without being... And I, and I know that I'm not, I'm not saying that you have, like, the ability to be like a time machine. Obviously, you can't go to the future in the sense that, you know, you can't physically take yourself to a place that time has not yet elapsed. You know, you're not gonna teleport your body to, you know, um, London 300 years from now and be able to look around and see everything. Like, that's, that's not the point. The point I'm making is that we have a very basic and very limited ability to control our behavior in the future, and that's the key. Because all you need to do to change your reality is change your behavior. And it gets really exciting to me because, you know, you, you can literally change reality. Or let me give you a fundamental example, right? Let's say that right now, you don't like the color of the walls in your bedroom, and you're like, "Hmm, I don't really like these walls. I want them to be blue, not green." Why you'd have green walls in your bedroom is beyond me. Maybe you like Shrek. I don't know. But you can decide, "Tomorrow, I will paint the walls blue." And you can wake up tomorrow, buy the paint, paint the walls, and by the end of the day, the wall will be blue. You have just used your imagination in the present to change reality. And now, the future has become the present because now the present reality situation is that your walls are blue. And so p-... My point here is that in the same way that you can repaint the bedroom walls that you have, you can change your behavior towards business, towards money, towards relationships, towards health, all of these things. Now, there's lots of stuff that gets in the way because, you know, obviously, it's harder to build a business, it's harder to get in shape than it is to just simply paint a wall 'cause it requires a lot more information, a lot more knowledge. But the basic premise and point I'm making is that things are within your control. The only thing that you can control are your decisions, your actions, and your behavior. And fortunately enough for you, that is all you need to be successful and make a change. And if you don't believe me, well, I can tell you it works because I did it. I created... You know, I, I used the present. I created a future reality that I wanted to achieve, and I, I visualized it, and I went and I did it, and I acted it out in the present, and eventually, the future became the present. The thing that I wanted became what I have now, and now I can do it again. And the same thing applies to the past, you know. I can go back in my memory and I can create imaginary past experiences to relive and re-experience what has happened. So, you know, for example, when I was, phew, I think 21 or 20... yeah, 22, I went to a Flume concert. So Flume is my favorite music artist, and, um, he was playing in Camden Town in London at a p-... uh, a venue called... I think it was called Coco venue or something. And, you know, I can, I can go back in my memory, and I can relive that experience. I'm doing it in the present moment, but I can very much... Like, the past is very much real, and the future is very much real, but only in so far as you can imagine it, if that makes sense. And that's a pretty powerful idea, pretty damn heavy hitting. And, you know, as we continue through the rest of the week two training, this idea will become more and more important, and you'll, you'll have a further, you know, understanding, and you'll comprehend why I'm giving you this now. But for now, just need to know this idea. Now, because we have two forms of reality and three time frames, we can observe reality in six different dimensions. So, there are six dimensions of reality. There are only six, like, you know, categories of reality, if that makes sense, that are as follows. So the first three dimensions fall into the tangible category. Remember, we've got here tangible/intangible and tangible. So we've got two forms, and we've got three dimensions of time. So, if we times two by three, we get six. And so when you make an observation and when you observe and experience reality, you're experiencing one of six forms, and that is it. There are no other forms that you can possibly comprehend reality in. It's one of these six forms. The first is tangible past reality. So, tangible means it was something... it is something that you can touch and see and feel. Past means it's happened, so it's in the past. And so this is what was physically. So, you know, when I take myself back to the Flume concert, the music concert, and, you know, I imagine the dancing, and I imagine the music and the atmosphere of the room and the people. Like, obviously, atmosphere is intangible, but you get the point. When I relive that experience, I'm experiencing tangible past reality in the same way that, you know, if I tried to imagine the first time that I ever went jet skiing. It's an ex-... It's a tangible experience. I can feel the, you know, wind in my hair and the speed and the water and the, the fun. Very much tangible. Then we have the tangible present reality. So the tangible present reality is what is physically now. So the state of your environment as you can currently observe it. So if you turn around and you look at what's behind you, you're experiencing reality in a dimension that is tangible present. Okay? So I'm looking at my desk right now, I can see the water bottle, you know, p-... Here's the water bottle. I can see the screen, I can see the video, I can hear my voice. I am experiencing tangible present reality. And then we have tangible future reality, which is what could be physically. So this is the other... this is the example I gave you earlier. If you close your eyes right now and you imagine your bedroom walls as a dark blue, now you've imagined what could be physically. You've imagined a potential future. Cool thing is, is you can close your eyes and imagine red walls or brown walls or black walls or gray walls or maybe brown wall... maybe brown walls with blue curtains. Right? So, you know, when you're imagining something that, that doesn't exist but could, you're imagining the future. And here's the cool thing, is that, that, that thing does... ... doesn't have to unfold for it to actually be real, because as long as you can imagine it, it's part of reality. It's not true. It doesn't exist. Like, if you, if you picture, you know, blue bedroom walls, but you never paint them blue, then it never manifested. It was never true, but it's very much real. But understand, if you can comprehend it and perceive it, it is real. There's a big difference between what is true and what is real. True, truth is what actually exists and what is actually there. Real is what you can comprehend, okay, and what you can think. So, you know, if I, if I imagine like, you know, if I imagine like, um, a, a planet far away that's, that's made of marshmallows, you know, it's not true because it doesn't exist, but I could, I could very much convince myself it's real. (laughs) So my point here is that when you're making observations, your observations are s- are subjective, which means that things can be real to you, but not objectively be real, because... We're gonna get into this in a second, but there's a very big difference between this objective truth and the objective truth, because I, in my reality, could genuinely convince myself that, that Venus is made of marshmallows, that I, I could, I could like, in, in my reality, I could truly believe that. Like, I could, I could, I could actually think that's true. Obviously, I don't, but, you know, to me that would be real because now, as far as I'm concerned, Venus is made of marshmallows, and, you know, you would challenge that and say, "Well, that's not true because Venus is made of gas and whatever the hell it's made of, right?" Definitely not marshmallows, but some people, they, we all do this, we can become incredibly convinced of things that aren't real or true, because objectively, Venus is just Venus. It's not made of, of marshmallows and, you know, it's just... Venus is just a, a rock that's surrounded by gas or something, right? But to me, it could be marshmallows, and that's the point I'm making here, is like, if you can comprehend it or see it, like, you can believe it, and that can become your reality, which is very dangerous, because then you might be like, "Oh, I'm gonna go to Venus, and I'm gonna eat the marshmallows," and then let's say that you had the ability to, you know, travel through space, you'd get to Venus and be like, "Well, there's no marshmallows here. Oh, I'm gonna die 'cause it's toxic," right? (laughs) That's a really weird example, but you get my point, right? And we'll talk more. This is all gonna make more sense. I'm, I'm... I think your picture's probably becoming a bit clearer now. And trust me, the more we go through this, the, the more it will make sense, so just bear with me, okay? Now, yeah, so this is basically where we observe a physical component of reality with one or more of our five senses, or by using our imagination to create an imaginary sensory experience that could be physically sensed. So, you know, for example, in the tangible past or the tangible future, you're not using your five senses to make these observations, but you're using your imagination to create sensory experiences. So, you know, if I ask you right now, um, "Can you please close your eyes and remember, you know," um, what's an example I can give you here? Like, "Can you close your eyes for me and just remember, um, Gangnam Style, the song Gangnam Style?" Well, what you're gonna start doing is you're gonna start playing it in your head. Even though there's no like, there's no stimulate- there's no stimuli, you're not listening to the song, you can probably in your head like start like bobbing along and start singing it in your head and remem- remembering the melody. And so what you're doing is you're, you're experiencing... Well, technically you're experiencing present reality because... But, you know, but what I've, my point there is that you can create imaginary sensory experiences, right? Um, and this is very much possible. You know, if I ask you, um, to imagine what could be physically, like, "Hey, I want you to imagine that your bedroom walls are red." It's like, well, you can close your eyes and then you can see the red paint, and you can see your bedroom and, you know, you can't see it because it's not real, but you can create the experience in your head as if it is real, and you can create the sensory experiences using your imagination. So anytime we observe a tangible, it's either gonna be in the past, present, or future, and to do this, it's something that we physically sense, whether using our five senses or using our imagination. If you turn around now and you observe something, then you're using your five senses in the present. Now, some examples. So, um, you know, what, what color your bedroom walls used to be is, you know, you can close your eyes and imagine what color your room used to be, and then what color your bedroom is now, and then what color your bedroom could or will be in the future. So, you know, these, these things are all very much part of reality, but across different dimensions, okay? And like I said, just because it doesn't happen doesn't mean that it's not part of reality, you know. It's like, you know, it's kind of like if you, um... Let's say you, you were gonna have a child, and you know, tragically, your wife miscarried, which would be awful. Like, and it doesn't mean it didn't happen. (laughs) Like just because the baby wasn't born doesn't mean it wasn't real and didn't exist in, in your mind as a child, right? You know, a lot of, a lot of mothers after they go through this, it's kind of like they've had a, it's kind of like they, they've had the child, but it's still part of them and part of their reality, but it's just not there because obviously it passed away, which is, which is terrible, but you get my point. And tangible past reality could be like, what did Drake music used to sound like? What does it sound like now? And what could it sound like in the future? So I could ask you, if you were a massive Drake fan, I could be like, "Hey, can you like, can you draw up a potential future Drake song for me and what you think his music could sound like in a year?" And you could close your eyes and maybe think of what a Drake song could sound like. Now, it's unlikely that that is actually what it's going to sound like, but my point is that you could comprehend it, and for a second it could be real to you. Just because it doesn't manifest doesn't mean it's not real, at least not to you subjectively. And it will become clearer as to what that means shortly here, because really, you know, what is, what is true objectively?... is only the present and the past, because the future hasn't happened yet, so it's not, you know, it's, it's not real. But my point is that you can make something feel real by imagining it. And, you know, another example, pretty interesting trend recently, tangible past reality. What did Mark Zuckerberg used to look like? You know, you can, you can close your eyes and you can ... you probably have an image of what Mark Zuckerberg used to look like, you know. You can close them and picture it, and therefore, you can observe the past in tangible form. You can't, y- you know, you could obviously go and, like, look up a, a picture of him or something, but you can do it with your imagination as well. And tangible present reality, which is what Mark Zuckerberg looks like now, so you can, you know, you can literally just go and, like, observe. You could probably go to ... Well, I wouldn't advise you do this, and it probably wouldn't be worth your time, but you could go to Facebook's offices and, you know, sit down with the Zuck and see what he looked like and be like, "Oh, that's what Mark Zuckerberg looks like," right? But then, tangible future reality, what you could do in your imagination is you could imagine what Mark Zuckerberg would look like in the future. So, you know, let's say that you were like, "Tomorrow, I'm going to punch Mark Zuckerberg," which I would not advise that you do 'cause you'd probably get in a lot of trouble, but let's say that you were gonna do that. Then, what you could do in your mind is you could imagine Mark Zuckerberg with a black eye and say, "That's what he's going to look like after I've punched him." And then you could, in theory, go and punch him and give him a black eye, which means that you observed the future and then it came true because of your behavior, right? So, you know, it c- it can be real in your mind before it's real in th- in reality, and the only way that that happens is if you can discern the cause-and-effect relationships between what you have to do to make something happen. So, you know, if you think about the future with me for a second here, like, think about your goal and what you want, which could be like, let's say you wanna make 10K a month, $10,000 a month, right? Well, what I can tell you is, is $10,000 a month is, is something that you can perceive in the future. It's not, it's not necessarily ... Well, you could perceive it as tangible, I suppose, because you could see it in your bank account, right? Um, but $10,000 a month is like, there are things that you can do, there, there are behaviors that you can take that will actually make that happen and, and force that to manifest. And if that, if, if that wasn't true, then no one would be able to do it, but a lot of people have done it and do it and can do it. And therefore, like, in the same way that if you wanted to give Mark Zuckerberg a black eye, all you'd have to do is punch him, if you wanna make 10K a month, all you've gotta do is the things that help you make 10K a month. And it really is that simple. If you can perceive it and it's within the laws of nature, and, you know, God or the universe gives you the gift of life and enough time to, to, to accomplish it, then you can do it. Which is, people just don't get this. Like, anything that you comprehend that is within the laws of physics and nature, you- can be done. The only variable is time and how m- how much time it takes you to do it. Because if you wanna make 10K a month and, you know, you die in the next three months, then you're not gonna make it. So, as long as you've got the time and the goal is, you know, within, like ... is realistic and, and can actually be achieved, then you can do it. And it's like, you know, what, what you probably can't do is, you know, is, is send a, a man, you know, to the edge of the universe in a wetsuit with no spaceship. Because the laws of thermodynamics and gravity and pressure, like, they, they, they don't allow you to do that. Like, there are rules and laws that we have to play by. So, there are things that you can think of and you could, you could conjure up in your imagination that just will never happen. They can still be like, kinda real. You can still kinda think of them and they can still be a component of reality in that sense. But in terms of like, what actually objectively, truly properly can manifest, it's just, as long as it's within the laws of nature and physics and you have enough time, anything can be done It's like Elon Musk wanting to put a man on Mars. Like, it's, it's possible. Like, you know, the engineering and, and stuff is, is likely to be there. So, you know, all we need is enough time to just figure it out and get it done. And then the real constraint is just time, right? And this is kind of the cool thing about being human, is y- we, we can ... Like, you can do anything you want as long as it's, you know, you have the time and it's within the laws of nature. Like, let's say, for example, that you're 70 years old and, you know, you, you want, let's say that you want to build a billion-dollar software company. Well, you know ... Okay, let- let- let- a better example. Let's say that you're 70 years old and you only have two months left to live. Now, God help you, right? Well, if your goal is to, you know, become a billionaire, and right now you have $0, then that's not gonna happen because you ... it takes a lot of time to become a billionaire. Trust me, I'm trying. It takes a lot of time, right? And so, you know, y- y- you kind of need to be realistic with your goals, but if you just wanna become financially free and make some money, like that is a tangible future reality, my friend, that that really can happen, and all you've gotta do is pay attention. So, anyway, moving on. So remember, the gateway to observe the tangible past or future is the present So, if you wanted to experience what color your bedroom walls used to be, you would use your memory or you'd look at a picture, and you'd do that in the present. And if you wanted to experience what the color of your walls could look like in the future, then you'd use your imagination. Once again, you'd do this with the present. Same thing with the Drake music. If you wanted to experience what Drake music used to sound like or could sound like, then you would use your imagination and you'd be doing it in the present. Because you don't ... uh, you can't exist in the future and you can't exist in the past. You really ... Like, trust me, you can't. Like, you know, when you're on your phone and you're looking through your camera roll and you're looking through past photos or videos, like, it might feel like you're experiencing the past, which you kind of are, but you're very much in the present because you're seeing those photos in the here and now. And the same thing is true for the, you know, when you're, when you're making assumptions or judgments about the future. And if you wanted to experience what Zuck used to look like, then you could visit old photos on the internet or use your memory, both of which you'd been doing in the presentAnd if you wanted to experience what he could look like in the future, then you'd use your imagination, once again, in the present. So, p- the key here is to understand that the whole thing is in the present. Everything happens in the present moment, and, you know, it's, it's no different from watching a movie and all these, like, your, your life is just all these little frames, these little screenshots strung together, and all the screenshots that have happened exist in the past, and you can go and see those screenshots by looking at photos or history or your memory. And all the screenshots that are going to happen, you know, you can't perfectly perceive them and comprehend them and predict the future. That's impossible. But the corner of your reality that you can control is your behavior and your actions, and you can very much control those things. And so, you know, tomorrow, you can say, "Tomorrow morning, I'm going to do 10 press-ups," and then you can go and do 10 press-ups. Well, you can't control the future and you, you can't possibly, you know, comprehend what's gonna happen on a macro scale, but you can decide to make your bed and actually do it. And that's kind of the point. Now, the other three dimensions that we discuss are in the intangible category. So, p- whilst we have, whilst we can perceive reality in the tangible form, we can also do it in the intangible form. So, we have the intangible past, the intangible present and the intangible future. So, this is what was. So, the past, but in abstract form. So, p- th- once again, remember, the intangible reality are the things that we cannot perceive. So, for example, let's take, um, let's take, like, democracy. So, you know, we have the intangible past reality, which is what democracy was. So, we could go and read about Ancient Greece and learn about their democratic system and how that worked and how women weren't allowed to vote and it was, you know, elected and stuff. But then, we have the intangible present reality, which is what democracy is now. And then, we have intangible future reality, which is what democracy could be in the future. And, you know, you can project your imagination out into the future to imagine how democracy might change. And whilst that might not manifest and actually happen, it's still real because you've imagined it. It's not true. It's not true until it's actually happened, but it's still very much real and part of reality. And this is where we observe an intangible, abstract component of reality with our imagination. So, remember, abstract means it can't be touched or sensed. It can only be imagined. So, some examples for you. So, intangible past reality, intangible present reality and intangible future reality. So, we have what the political state of the USA used to be. Very much a real thing, part of reality. Can't be touched or seen because the political state isn't... If you, if you, if you go right now and poke Donald Trump, you're not touching the political state of the USA. You're touching the present of the USA. You're touch- you're, you're touching a representation of the political state, not the political state i- itself. It's not something you can touch, right? And then, we have, um, the present, which is what it is now, what it could be. Same thing with your mother. So, you know, the relationship you used to have with your mother. The relationship you have now with your mother, or you could have. Um, another example is your ex. So, how angry you used to be at your ex is intangible past reality because you can... This is very much real. It happened, right? So, you can go and imagine how angry you used to be at him or her, but, you know, it's not something you can touch or, or sense. It's just a feeling, right? But then, we have how angry you are now and how angry you will be in the future, right? So, you know, we can observe these things across the three dimensions of time, which is pretty cool Same thing again. The gateway to the past or the pr- or the future is the present. So, if you wanted to experience what the political state of the USA used to be, you could read history or use your memory, and if you wanted to experience what it would be or could be, then you'd use your imagination. The same thing is true for your relationship with your mum or how angry you'd be at your ex. Anytime you wanna visit the past or the future, we go through the present. So, to summarize, here are the six dimensions of reality. Most of them, you observe with your imagination. But the big one is the tangible present reality, which you observe with your five senses, okay? And here's... It gets a bit confusing because, you know, tangible past reality... Let's say you're imagining, you know, the burger that you ate for your birthday when you were 18. Best burger of your life, you swear. You know, you can re-experience that as a imaginary sensory experience. So, you use your imagination to create a sensory experience. It's very much real to you. You know, it's there, you can see it. It's just not happening right now, okay? Now, the next thing is understanding... I've alluded to this a little bit, but I'm gonna com- I'm gonna explain it. Subjective reality. So, here's the thing. There exists a pure state of truth, and this is objective reality. Remember, objective reality... And I should really change this here, actually. Uh, yep. Where did I put it? Oh, here we go. So, objective reality is reality unobserved by a human. This is the state of things as they actually exist. Nothing has meaning here. Things just are as they are. Nothing is anything, nothing is anything. So, p- you know, in objective reality, a million dollars is nothing except a million dollars. It's not a lot of money, not a little In objective reality, a rock isn't sharp or blunt, it's just a rock. Okay? It exists as a rock. And even then, it wouldn't be called a rock because there'd be nothing to name it. I can't explain this without names. It's physically impossible. But, you know, imagine a rock with no hu-... It wouldn't even be a rock. It wouldn't be called anything. It would just be a collection of atoms. It wouldn't be gray, it wouldn't be small, it wouldn't be by a beach. It wouldn't be a-... It wouldn't mean anything. It wouldn't have any meaning at all. It would just be, uh, basically a collection of atoms aggregated into a structure. And we came along and we gave it a name and we gave it meaning and we gave it relationship to other things. Same thing with an explosion. You know, if, if an explosion happens, it's not bright or dim, it's not loud or quiet. It's not even called bloody explosion, for God's sake. It's just a chemical or physical, you know, reaction abiding by the laws of physics, projecting out into the universe. It's not real, it's not anything. It's just, it's just happening. It's not, p- it's nothing, right? So, the cool thing is that we have subjective reality. And so, this is where the rubber meets the road, and this is where we can start getting a little bit more practical, and this is where things are gonna make a lot of sense. So, when you observe objective reality... So, when you go up to the, the structures and, you know, the phenomenon and, you know, the things that happen and you see them, you create an experience So, p- you know, you walk up to this aggregate of atoms that is basically a rock, but you don't know is a rock yet, and you point at that aggregate of atoms and you say, "That's a rock." And then, you touch the rock and you say, "That rock is sharp." And then, you look at the rock and you say, "That rock is gray." Right? You, you give objective reality meaning by experiencing it. So, when you observe objective reality, you create an experience. Okay? It is impossible to make an observation in the past, present or future, whether intangible or tangible, without creating an experience. Every single millisecond of every single day, for as long as you are conscious and not asleep and not dreaming, you are creating an experience. You're add-... It's frame by frame by frame, like the movie. It's the same thing with, like, what is a book? A book is just a, a, a collection of linear words c- put together. You know, that makes sense. It's the same thing with your life. It's just moment, after moment, after ... after moment, millisecond by millisecond by millisecond, strung together, and all of those milliseconds are individual experiences, right? Here's the cool thing: all experiences are subjective experiences, okay? Now the term subjective means human, right? And let me explain. A subjective experience is a component, is when a component of objective reality, and it's put here, is when a component of objective reality is subjected to your biases, beliefs, and perspectives manifested into your mind. So th- this is awesome, because what happens is the world exists as it is, with, uh, completely, like it just exists. Doesn't, doesn't mean anything. Nothing happens, right? It just is, you know? When you observe it, you create a subjective reality, which is like a, you, you mirror reality in your mind and you, you, you start giving it meaning and stuff. And the sum of all of your subjective experiences is known as your subjective reality. And this is really, really important to understand with this mindset training. There are two forms of reality: objective reality and subjective reality. Objective reality exists first, and once a human observes it and creates an experience, subjective reality is crated- created. So the objective is the prerequisite for the subjective. Your, your reality is not objective. You do not see the world for what it is. You see it for who you are, okay? So p- when you, when, as you're going through life and as you're going through, you know, as you're creating these experiences, you are, you have created a reality, right? What is basically what you experience and how the world manifests to you. It's important you understand that that, this, this experience of reality, this, this, this thing that is called reality that you know, everything about you, everything that happens, everything that has happened, everything that will happen, everything that you perceive and see and imagine and think, your entire reality basically, the collection of all your experiences that have been, will be, and are being, is yours. It's unique to you. No one else has it the same way. No one. There might be people with similar realities to you, that, you know, share similar perspectives in certain ways, like maybe you're a chef and maybe someone else is a chef, so you have the chef reality, but n- no one has an identical reality. It's like snowflakes. No two are made the same, right? I think that's true. It might not be true, but from the snowflake perspective, maybe it's not true. But the reality thing, very much so, right? And this is cool because p- you, you, you created it. You might not think that you created it. You might not believe and understand that you created it, but the reality that you have, that you experienced, it, you created, because how, how else could it bloody exist? (laughs) You know, all that happened is you were born and you spawned in and became conscious and you started walking through the world and, you know, c- imagining through the world and sensing your way through the world blindly, and what started happening is you ca- you started making observations and having experiences that have just strung together, and now you have a reality. When you were born, you were a blank slate, but you've made all these observations and you've made all these experiences, and now, now you believe the world is a certain way. And the, the interesting thing is there's people out there that believe the world is a completely different way to you because they've had different experiences. The objective, the, the sort of, um, the nexus of your reality stays the same. So there is a true objective, pure form of truth that exists. The state of things as they actually exist, that is objective reality. No human can judge them. It's just, they just are. So, you know, uh, like, and it, and like I've, I've given plenty of examples, right? But when you make an, when you observe that objective reality, when you, when you look at it or you look at a component of it, you experience that in your own way. And so, you know, let me give you an example. So let's say that, let's take the, the new Ferrari 4x4. So, you know, there's a new, there's a new car out at the moment. Sorry if you can hear my chair squeaking around, by the way. It's been, they need to oil it. But anyway, there's a new car out, Ferrari 4x4, right? And we can't remember its name, but it's like a SUV. Now that Ferrari 4x4 is a component of reality. So let's say that you're walking with three of your friends and, you know, you see the Ferrari 4x4. So you have a tangible present experience, which means you're experiencing reality in tangible form in the here and now. You might look at the Ferrari 4x4 and think, "That's the ugliest car I've ever seen in my life."Your, your friend might look at the Ferrari 4x4 and think, "I don't really care. I don't care about that car." And your other friend might look at that car and think, "That's the worst, that's the best thing I've ever seen in my life." So three people have just experienced objective... The car exists. It, it doesn't, it isn't anything. It's just, it's just a, it's just a thing, right? But three people have come along and created three different subjective experiences about this car. And this is, this is what makes us humans so interesting as a species, is no one's the same. We might look the same, and, you know, hell, even identical twins can be born with genetic identity and be, you know, be, be identical, but the, the reality is always different. And so p- we basically hallucinate reality in our own mind and we create subjective experiences and we see the world in a completely different way to everybody else. And so p- here's how it works. Objective reality exists. The state of things as they exist in their pure form, nothing is anything, nothing can be judged. It just, the rock is just a rock. It's not even a rock, just a, it's just a collection of atoms. And what happens is a human observes the thing, so a human observes objective reality, and what then happens is subjective reality is created in the human's mind.Okay? So, this is how we perceive reality. The thing exists, we observe it, and through our observation, we create an idea in our head as to what reality is. And what we're gonna do in later videos is explore, like, what is right and what is wrong, and I've gotta, ha- I've got some stuff for you. We're gonna talk about this in lengths of detail. But for now, you just need to understand the basic thing. Now, here's a weird thing. As I'm sure you've noticed, we all have different subjective realities, right? So, like I said, like, you know, there's gonna be people that agree with you, there's gonna be people that disagree with you, there's gonna be people that see the world in a similar way to you, and people who see the world in a different way to you, but no one's gonna agree with you on everything. And, you know, no one's gonna have exactly the same reality as you, ever. But the question is, why? Like, why is it the case that, you know, we all experience the world in a different way? Because, again, you might think that this is just some, like, phenomenon that's just designed by God or natural selection to keep the species going or something, but there is a reason, and it took me about a week to figure out, and here we go. It's called a paradigm. So, you might have not heard of this term before, but it's the most important thing that you've got. And if you haven't heard of the, the term paradigm, and if you can't define it at first principle and explain it properly on, you know ... then this is an example of what I was giving you earlier. You know how I told you that you are sort of constrained to the information that you've been given, to your five senses and imaginary experience? Like, if you don't know how paradigms work, like, properly, and you can't ex- confidently explain exactly how it works and what it means and what it is and how it affects you, then this is an example of a piece of information that's been locked away that you haven't yet perceived. It's a part of reality that you haven't discovered. So, what I'm gonna do, basically, here, knowledge is like a weapon. I'm gonna give you a tool. This is a tool, right? In the same way that, you know, if you live in the, if you live in the jungle, in the middle of the Congo in, in Africa in your tribe, and, you know, if you don't know money exists and how you ... You're probably not gonna be bothered about even making money 'cause you don't even know it exists, right? And the same thing is true with paradigms. Like, if you, if you're trying to become successful and, and, and get rich and do that as fast as possible with as little pain as possible, then the easiest way to do it is to change your paradigm. But a lot of people don't even know what the word means. So, example, right. So, to observe objective reality, you use a paradigm. So, in order to observe something and create a subjective reality, we have to first observe objective reality, right? And basically, your paradigm is the thing that you use to observe. So, you know, think about it like this. Let's say that you wanted to ... Let's say you saw a bird outside, and you wanted to take a picture of the bird, right? And you'd go and pick up your camera or your phone, and you'd, you'd snap, snap the picture, right? Or, you know, let's say that you, um, you wanted to, um, see a bacteria on a, on, like, a piece of fruit, and you can't see the bacteria, so you use a microscope. You use a lens, right, and you, you zoom in. Your paradigm's kind of the same. Th- that ... Your paradigm is, um, is to the camera and the microscope like the camera and the microscope is to the bird and the bacteria what your paradigm is to objective reality. And what that means is that your paradigm is the lens through which you see the world. So, imagine being a blind man and only being able to see if you put glasses on. Your paradigm is basically your glasses, right? It is the lens through which you see things. And it's impossible to observe objective reality and create an experience and create a subjective reality without a paradigm. It's impossible. It cannot be done. Like, you know, we're not human beings. We're not over- we're not overpowered in that sense. We're not OP. We have to use a paradigm to see in the same way that a blind man would have to use glasses to see, or you would have to use a camera to take a picture of a bird. Like, gotta be done. So, your paradigm is the lens through which you see the world. And basically, you might be thinking, "Well, okay, what the hell is this thing?" Well, your paradigm is basically the collection of all the beliefs that you hold as true or false Now, this is a, is a, this is a thing. The next video that we're gonna talk about, um, the next video we're gonna go through is, is gonna build on the, the idea of beliefs and how beliefs form and how beliefs are structured. For now, you just need to understand the basic premise of this, and we'll get into it in a, later on in the video. In another video. So, what is a belief, and how do they form? Because, you know, your paradigm is basically just all your beliefs put together, and a belief is basically an articulated statement of perceived truth. So, all a belief is, is what you think is true, okay? So, there's other words for belief that you might use. So, your assumptions, your judgments, your convictions, your principles, your ideas, your ideologies, your views, your understandings, your theories, your knowledge, your faiths, your axioms, your models, your hypotheses, your guesses, your stances, your positions. Any, any of these words denote belief. And all a belief is, is a statement of perceived truth. So, if I say to you, "I am a man," that is a belief. If I say to you, "I love my mother," that is a belief. If I say to you, "Outside, I can see a table and chairs," that is a belief. Anytime that you make a statement about anything, you're stating a belief. So, if my sister is annoyed at me and I say to my friend, "I think my sister's annoyed at me," that's a belief. Okay? So, beliefs are basically how we sort of map reality. So, when we make an observation, okay? And we build a subjective experience, all we're doing is creating beliefs. So, you know, right now, you might not necessarily think it, but let's say ... Look, turn around, right? And look at, look at, look at the wall, right? You're experiencing the wall, but in order for you to experience the wall, you have to believe it's true. It's impossible for you to experience something without at least the, the idea that it's true because, you know, if you didn't believe it was true, you wouldn't see it, rightBut we're gonna keep it simple and basically just say that a belief is an articulated statement of perceived truth. So anytime that you make a statement th- about something of which you believe to be true, you know, it's- it's a belief. So if I say to you, for example, in- in my office, "The curtains are gray," that's a belief. I'm- I've observed reality. I've- I've created an experience in my head, and I'm articulating what I see and I'm- I'm- I'm speaking what I believe to be the truth. Okay? Now the thing about this is humans can lie. So I could tell you right now that my curtains are black and, you know, they're not. They're- they're gray. Although, I could genuinely be convinced they're black, but they might- I might just be wrong. So there's nuances to this, but that's that. Now, your paradigm is broken into two parts. So a paradigm's the lens through which you see the world, and all your paradigm is, is the collection of all the beliefs you have. So, you know, when you- when you're looking through this thing and you're perceiving reality through this thing, you- you see reality through your belief systems. And the word paradigm is just, uh, a word used to aggregate and collect all of your beliefs together into one tidy term in the same way that, you know, we would collect the word reality. The r- reality is the collection of everything in the observable universe, you know, or everything that we see, right? Same thing. Paradigm is all your beliefs put together. Now your paradigm is broken down into two parts, and this gets kind of interesting. You have your worldview and your identity. So p- when it comes to your beliefs, we have really two- two different forms of which a belief can take. A belief can be about your worldview or identity, and I'll explain this and it'll make sense. So p- when you observe objective reality... And this needs to be a different color. When you observe objective reality, you observe it through the lens of your paradigm, which is your worldview and your identity. Now, your worldview is the way that you see the world, your perspective on the world, and your identity is the way that you see yourself in relation to the world. And this will become clear in a second. Now, here's the thing, is your paradigm, it should say paradigm here. I'll make this g- green for you. Your paradigm is broken into three types of belief. So summary, then we'll move on. You see the world through your paradigm. Your paradigm is the collection of all of your beliefs. Your paradigm is broken down into two different categories, worldview and identity, and there are three types of belief that come under these two things. So let me explain. So first of all, the worldview-based beliefs. So your worldview is basically the way you see the world, and it is comprised of two different types of belief system, okay? And there's actually a nice easy diagram to explain this in a second, so don't worry. But the first form of belief that we have as human beings that we can form is a knowledge belief or a knowledge-based belief. So p- a knowledge-based belief is what you believe exists or is true and the objective binary details of it. So basically, this is just you knowing what's there, knowing what exists, and the objective nature of it before you give it any judgment. So p- if I look outside my- my office right now, I can see a chair. So if I say, "There is a chair," then what I am doing is... That is a knowledge-based belief. I am stating what I have observed, and th- this is basically how we connect with objective reality, okay? I'm not saying that the chair is big or small. I'm not saying the chair is comfortable or uncomfortable. I'm not saying whether the cha- chair is far away or whether it's close, I'm just saying that I see it. Because the next stage of belief is judgment, so we have judgment-based beliefs. And this is what you believe about what you believe exists or is true. So this is huge. So p- this is basically created once you form an opinion or judgment of something that you've observed. Typically, you will use an adjective or describing word to make one of these beliefs. So for example, if I say, "There is a chair outside," right? Now, that's a knowledge-based belief, right? Well, s- actually it's kind of both, because I'm, when I'm saying outside, I'm making a judgment that the chair is outside, because, you know, it's a, it's a subjective thing. But if I say, "There is a chair," that- that is a knowledge-based belief, right? If I then say, "The chair is gray" or, "The chair looks comfortable," I have the... That is now a statement of perceived truth, but I've transcended what I know exists and I'm starting to judge what I know exists. So p- knowledge is what you know, judgment is what you think about what you know. So p- in the same way that... On my desk right now is a, um, is a jumper, like a hoodie, right, as- as- with a zip. So I would say, you know, "On my d..." Or well, I wouldn't even say, "On my desk." I would just say, "There is a jumper," right? And, "It is on my desk." So that's just me observing the universe, and it's an, it's knowledge. That's just what I think is true, right? It exists. There's a jumper on my desk. Now, if I say, "That jumper is warm," or, "That jumper is too small," now what I'm doing is I'm creating judgment-based beliefs, because I'm judging it, you know? I already know it's true, but now that I'm sort of deciding what it is and what it means, I'm judging it. And now, the difference between a knowledge belief and a judgment belief is the following. So knowledge states the objective in binary. So for example, if I just... There's a plant in my office, right? So if I say to you, "The plant exists in the pot," right? I'm just basically stating what I know to be true, but I'm not labeling it. But, you know, if I said, like, "The plant is green and the pot is small," now I'm judging it. So the second that you, um... Well, really, the second that you judge something is the second you create a judgment-based belief. And judgment labels the subjective experience of the objective using scales of contrast. So the second that something is up to judgment interpretation means that it could be, it can be on a scale. So for example, if I say, "The plant exists in the pot," knowledge-based belief. If I say, "The plant is green and the pot is small," that's a judgment-based belief. The reason that it's judgment and not knowledge is because, well, how green is it and how small is it? The second that something is up to you subjectively to sort of decide... 'Cause I could say, "Well, that plant is really green," but someone else could come along and say, "That plant's not very green at all." Or I could say, "Th- that pla- that pot is massive." Someone else could say, "That pot's tiny." So p- the second that we start judging is the second we get into this realm of, like, trying to decide. Bas- essentially what you're doing is casting judgment on, you know, what you think is most appropriate. The words... The reason that the words green and small are judgment-based beliefs and not knowledge beliefs is because they can be observed and questioned on a scale. How green is the plant? How small is the pot? They are labels that are added after the observation of the existence of the components being made. Judgment bea- judgment beliefs exist on a scale of contrast, so it's fact versus opinion. So knowledge is what you know to be true, and judgment is what is up to your interpretation. So if I'm sat here with a person right now and I say, "There's a chair outside," and that person says, "There's a chair outside," then we both share the same knowledge, because there's a chair outside. But I could say, "That chair is good," and that person could say, "That chair is bad." So generally speaking, most humans, we share the same knowledge, because... And let's take money, for example. Knowing that money exists is a knowledge- ... based belief, right? But if you said money is good or money is bad, or money is easy to make, or money is hard to make, the judgment is where we differ, okay? And this is true because, well, you don't have to look much further than, than the example I just gave. If an observation can be questioned and is up to interpretation, then it transcends knowledge and becomes judgment. Now, I'm gonna give you some really clear, concrete examples as well as we go through this video, so don't worry. But th- this is your worldview. So your worldview is basically everything that you know to be true and your judgment of the things that you know to be true. That's what your worldview is. And your worldview is the first component of your paradigm. So when you observe objective reality to create an experience and create a subjective reality, you're observing it through your knowledge and through your judgments. So if I, if I see a kid playing on the beach, so I can see a beach outside from, from my house. I'm on the palm, it's really nice. If I see a kid playing on the beach, then what I will do is I will say, "There's a kid," and, you know, "He's on the beach." But, like, if I say ... The second I say, "He's playing," it's like, "Well, is he playing? What actually is he doing?" 'Cause to me, it might look like he's playing, but let's say that he's running away from a man. I, I might look at that, 'cause I've got a good relationship with my dad and I've nev- I've never been kidnapped before. So I might look at that and think, "Oh, he's just playing with his dad." But another person might look at that and be like, "That kid's being kidnapped." And it depends on your knowledge and your, i- all your past knowledge and all your past judgments. They build to create your worldview, and every experience that you have and every observation that you make is filtered through these two things. Okay? Really important. Now, the second filter and the second part of your paradigm is your identity. So not only do we see the world through our worldview, but we also see it through our identity, and this is really important. Now, your identity is, is broken down into one type of belief. So there's, there's one type of belief that forms your identity, and that's a s- that's your self-image belief. So your self-image beliefs are what you believe about yourself in relation to what you believe exists or is true, or your judgments of what you believe exists or is true. And you create a self-image belief the second you talk about something with the words I, me, or my. So if I, if I observe something, first of all, in order for me to observe it, I have to know it exists, so I create a knowledge belief. Like, you know, there is a monitor, right? I'm looking at a monitor, so there's a monitor. If I then go on to say, "I like that monitor," I have now created a self-image belief that any, any time that you use the word my, I, we, our, anything that denotes you personally or involves you, followed by a statement of perceived truth, is a self-image belief. And all of these self-image beliefs that you have make up your identity. So when you observe a component of reality, the first belief that you ... So this is really important because, you know, when you observe a component of reality, the first belief that you always form without fail is a knowledge-based belief. And this is basically a belief of what is objectively there, because it's impossible for you to identify with something or judge something if you don't know that it exists. So, you know, let's say that, you know, in my ... Let's say that I've, I've got a fishing rod I can see, right? There's a fishing rod in the back of my office. I can't, I ... It's physically impossible for me to identify with that fishing rod and say like, "I like it," or, "I don't like it," whatever, and judge it unless I know it's there. So in order for us to form judgments and identities, we have to know that something exists. It's impossible to identify or judge something without knowing it's there, right? Which is why knowledge belief's very common, because everything that you observe and any, any time that you see something, even though this happens unconsciously and subliminally, like, you know, you don't think every time you see something like, "Oh, I know that's real," but unconsciously you do. Because, you know, if I told you right now that your desk didn't exist, then you'd, you'd be like, "Well, definitely, of course it, it's there. I can see it. It exists," right? But you haven't been going through your life like telling yourself, "Yeah, my desk exists." You just know it is because it's there. So when you observe something and you physically see something or imagine something that is real and true to you and exists, you, you've created a knowledge-based belief. And knowledge-based beliefs are kind of how we navigate and map reality because, you know, like, let's say that, you know, you, um, need to go to the bathroom at night. Now, you probably are quite familiar with the layout of your room, right? And so you could probably navigate to the bathroom and the toilet without having to open your eyes or without turning the light on, and the only thing that you're using to navigate that journey is your knowledge of what's there, right? And that, that's obviously a bit of an abstract example, but that's the point. So knowledge-based belief is the first thing that we form when we make an observation. The second thing is the judgment belief. So once you, once you've observed something is there, the se- the next thing that you'll tend to do is judge it and you'll form judgment-based beliefs, which is what you subjectively believe to be true about the thing that you think exists. So, you know, let's take this mindset video, for example. So you're experiencing this video and it's, it's there, it's true. You can see that it's there, right? It's real. And, you know, as you're going through and watching this, you're gonna be judging it and you're gonna be forming judgment-based beliefs like, "Oh my God, this is mind-blowing," or, "Oh, this thing really sucks," or, "I wish Charlie had a different accent." You know? All of these statements that you're making are beliefs and judgments about the thing that you're judging, right? And then the third thing that happens when you make an observation is you will form a self-image belief, which is what you believe to be true about yourself.And this is a really important thing here, in relation to the knowledge or judgment beliefs that you have formed about the thing in question. So, when it comes to self-image beliefs, is you can have self-image beliefs about the thing that you've observed, but you can also have self-image beliefs about the judgments that you've made about the thing it observes. So, you know, if I, if I look out the window now and I see a chair, and I say to myself, "That's a chair," now I've made a, um, knowledge-based belief. If I then say, "That chair is good," you know, then I'd be like, I've made a judgment-based belief. If I then went on to say, "I like that chair," I formed a self-image belief. And I formed a self-image based on my knowledge belief. But if I said, um, if I said, "There's a chair. That chair is good. I really like the fact that I think that chair is good," now I've formed a self-image belief about my judgment. So you can form your self-image around your knowledge or your judgment. Both are applicable, okay? And this is huge, because you cannot form an identity around something without judging it first, okay? So you have to judge something before forming an identity around it. Impossible, right? Like if you, if you're listening to a song, right? So let's say that you play a song. Now, you're experiencing the song, which means that it's real and it's true, so the second that you play the song, you've had a, you- you have this knowledge belief, unconsciously, that this thing is real. And then what you're gonna do is you're gonna decide whether you like the song or not. And if you like the song, you're gonna start, you're gonna start tying your identity to it. So, you know, if I take one of my favorite songs, which is called Weekend by Flume, like I know i- i- it exists. I have knowledge that that thing exists. I have judgment around it, of like, you know, it's a good song, I really love that song. And the second I say I, it becomes part of my identity. And your w- your, your, your judgment and your identity are very separate things, because if someone attacks your b- if, if someone disagrees or attacks, you know, your, one of your belief systems, they're either usually attacking your, your knowledge, your judgment, or your self-image. So if someone disagrees with you, if I say there's a chair there and someone says there's not a chair there, they're disagreeing with me on a knowledge level. But if we both agree there's a chair there, and we both agree the chair is good, then we agree on the judgment level. But if we both agree, if I say, "I want to sit in that chair," and the other person says, "I do not want to sit in that chair," now, you know, we've got two different belief systems, right? So, pretty important. When we observe ... Okay, so you can't, you can't form an identity around something without judging it first, and it can't be judged without knowledge that it exists first. When we observe components of reality, we almost always observe them through this trifactor of beliefs. Now, this isn't always the case, right? It is very much possible to observe something, um ... Oh, I need to, I need to change this, I think. It's impossible to observe something ... Yep, okay. So it's impossible to observe something without making a knowledge and judgment-based belief. This is pretty much always true. Like, you know, if, if you look at something and you observe something, it's, you always have the knowledge belief, 'cause it's there, but usually you're almost always going to judge it as well. So, you know, if I, if I look at something and I, I look at a chair, I immediately, unconsciously judge it as gray and as like, you know, plastic, and as, uh, slightly uncomfortable. That's the chair I'm looking at outside. And I do that all without actually articulating it sometimes, right? So beliefs are usually articulated statements of perceived truth, but a lot of the time you don't, you, you can kind of articulate them unconsciously and just know that it is what it is without saying it, right? And, you know, it's entirely possible to make an observation, um, without judging what we've observed or relating to it. So p- what this means is it's very unlikely, but usually what happens if you observe something, is you form the knowledge-based belief, then you form the judgment-based belief, and then you form a self-image belief But sometimes you can form a knowledge-based belief alone. Sometimes you can form a knowledge-based belief and a judgment-based belief and not identify with it. Okay? This is entirely possible. You can observe something, you make some judgments about it, and not tie your identity to, to it at all. Okay? If I give you an example, in my life, um, uh, what's an example I can give you? Let's say, let's take a, a s- a song, like, let's say, um, let's take a famous song, like ... I don't know. I can't even think of an example now. Um, okay, let me give you an example, like let's take the movie Titanic, right? Um, I, I don't really identify with the Titanic. I'm, I wouldn't say that I like or dislike the Titanic. I, I would say it's a good movie. Like I could look at the Titanic and say, "It's a good movie," but because I'm not using the word I, me, my, or we, or our, it's not an identity, right? So this is the nuance, is just, you can say that things are good or bad, but the second that you use the word I is the second that you tie your identity to it. And so I don't necessarily identify with the Titanic. If I said, "The Titanic makes me sad," now that's an identity-based belief, 'cause I've used the word me. And I definitely do identify with the Titanic, like it's im- kind of impossible not to now that I think about it. Because like, you know, I was, I was literally trying to explain it being like, yeah, I kinda like the Titanic. Like, of course I'm identifying with it. But there are times that you can have experiences where you don't, you don't identify. Like, you know, for example, let's say that you, um, let's say that you walk past, um, a house, right? L- l- let's, let's use an even easier example. Let's say that you walk past a bus ... No, even easier example. Let's say that you have a taxi driver, right? And you get in the taxi and he drops you off, and you know, you, you know he exists 'cause he's there, so you've formed knowledge-based belief, and maybe you've judged him a little bit. But maybe you walk out the taxi without any identity around whether you like him or not. Or maybe like you walk past a house, you know, down the street, you know, uh, uh, in some random street, and you look at the house. You don't really think anything of it, you don't identify with it. You just, you see it, you know it's there unconsciouslyAnd, you know, that's it. You know, it's entirely possible to make observations without identity. Um, in the same way that, you know, maybe you- you go to a shop and you buy a bottle of water, and you know it exists, and maybe you think the water is nice, but you don't necessarily throw it away and think about it and identify with it. Do you know what I mean? So, it's possible. So, here's your paradigm and the structure of your paradigm and essentially how this thing works and how it's structured. So, your paradigm is basically the lens through which you see the world. It's like a pair of glasses, and it's broken down into your worldview and your identity. And your worldview is basically everything that you know to be true or everything that you know exists, right? Because really, the things you know to be true are your beliefs. So, everything that you know exists, everything you believe you know about what you know exists, and then you have your identity, which is all your self-image beliefs. So, everything that you think exists, what you think about those things, and how you identify with them, all of that comprised together creates your paradigm. So, when we make an observation and create a subjective reality, the reason that our reality is subjective and the reason that we have different realities is because we have different paradigms, which is because we have different worldviews and identities, which is because we have different belief systems. So, now I'm gonna give you something called the black flower analogy, which will really give you a visual representation as to how your paradigm works. So, okay, what we have here is a component of objective reality. So, let's say that this painting of a black flower, this is a component of objective reality. It exists in objective form. There we go. So then we have a human existing with consciousness. And what happens, step three, is the component of objective reality enters the immediate sensory or imaginary awareness of the human. So, this person walks into the art gallery, and they can see the black flower on the canvas. And what happens is the human observes the component of objective reality using his or her paradigm. So, what this means is the person looks at the- the canvas, and they look at it through their paradigm, and then they- they basically hallucinate what they've seen. That's kind of how we- how this works, right? And what happens is basically the human accepts or rejects the experience as true or false. So, 99% of the time, if not 99.99999% of the time, everything that we observe, we accept as true, because we've observed it. So, you know, if you walk past a house, or if you get in a car and see an Uber driver, he's real, he's there, right? So, by default, pretty much everything that you observe from a knowledge perspective is you- you- you perceive as true, because it's kind of impossible to perceive something unless you ex- in- accept it as true in the first place. Right? So, you know, what you would say is, you would say, "That's a black flower. I can see a black flower." And then what you do, after you've made... So this is a knowl- this is a knowledge forming, right? This is a knowledge-based belief forming. So you look, you see, you believe. "That's a black flower." Knowledge-based belief, done, right? Now, really, the knowledge-based belief here, I've made a slight mistake, would be, "That's a flower." Because black is a, is a judgment (laughs), okay? You know, you're making a judgment of this thing, but I'm sure you can let that slide. Now, the second thing is the human judges the component of reality they've just experienced. And they will do this most of the time. Most of the time we make judgments, not always. So, you know, the human will look at the flower and be like, "That flower is very beautiful." And will start forming judgment-based beliefs about this flower. So, you know, that flower is black. That flower is beautiful. That flower is bad. You would find that flower in Denmark. You know, you start making all these connections and judgments about this thing, which are statements, articulated statements of perceived truth. And you don't have to articulate them and say them out loud. You just have to think them or, you know, perceive them. And then the human decides their relationship with the component of reality they've just experienced. And once again, most of the time, but not always. So, this is where your identity-based belief forms. So, you know, you make all these judgments. And then you'll say something like, "In fact, that's the most beautiful flower I've ever seen," or, "I would love to have that flower in my garden," or, "My mum used to grow those flowers." Or, you know, "When I was in school, we used to pick those flowers." Or, you know, "In the future, our society will love these flowers," right? Any word that denotes you, whether it's collective or individual, so I, me, wa- my, our, whatever, right? Identity-based beliefs. And so this is how beliefs form. So, objective reality exists. A human exists. The two things come into contact. Instantaneously, the human uses their paradigm to create a subjective experience. They ob- they- they then accept the objective experience, and then they have knowledge. Then they judge the knowledge, then they identify with the knowledge. And once they've done this, they've made an observation. And this is how the process of subjective observation works. Upon making an observation, you will form an experience, which then forms a belief. So, this is basically defining how experience works, right? And our experiences sort of get stored and locked away in our mind as beliefs. Because what you've done is you've experienced a black flower, you've experienced that it's beautiful, you've experienced that you think it's- you think it's the most beautiful thing you've ever seen, and now you've- you've basically, all of these things have become beliefs. So, experiences create beliefs. Those are how- that's how... Beliefs don't just fucking magically appear, like poof out of nowhere. They don't just, you're not just born with beliefs. You're not, right? They came from a stimulus. Something, something entered your awareness. You then formed judgments and- and perspectives about them, and now, and now you have beliefs, right? So, let me give you some examples of the three types of belief. So, let's take the component of reality of your mother, okay? So, you know, the- the woman that is your mother. Now, the knowledge would be, "My mother is over there pacing around." So, you know, if- if you just basically observe that your mum is walking around the kitchen, then that's knowledge. You- you know that your mother is pacing around the kitchen. If you then said, "She looks tired today," now you're making a judgment. Because, you know, she looks tired to you. To somebody else, she might not look tired. So, the second that something's up for debate, you know, really, if anything, pacing around isn't- isn't appropriate, because, you know, if- if- if I say, I could say, "My mum's pacing around," someone else could say, "She's running around." It just is- it's- it's a matter of perspective, right? If I then said, "I love my mother," now that's an identity-based belief, okay? 'Cause I'm saying I. Now, let's take another component. Let's say Pepsi. So the drink, right? So, let's say, um, knowledge. Pepsi is a drink that can be served in a can. That's knowledge, right? That's just, that's just an observation of- of the objective nature of the world, right? And if I went on to say, "Pepsi is fizzy," well, that's judgment. I'm judging Pepsi as fizzy. Anytime that you describe something, you're judging it. And if I then said, "Pepsi makes me feel sick," that's how I identify with Pepsi. And don't get me wrong. Individual components can have hundreds if not thousands of beliefs associated with them. So, you know, another component that we might talk about is money. And we'll talk about this a lot throughout this program, is money, right? Which is what you're here to make. And, you know, you probably have... You- you know it exists, so, you know, you could just say, "Money exists." That's the knowledge, right? The first step to making money is knowing it exists, right? So, you know it exists, but then you're gonna have a ton of judgment-based beliefs and self-image based beliefs about money that are contradicting your ability to make it. So, maybe you have a self-image belief around money of, like, "I find it hard to make money," or, you know, "My family has always been poor," or, you know, um, "My- my- my ability to make money is- is- is- is- ... is hindered, or I don't have enough time to make money or, all th- all these, anything that in- in- in interjects you into the equation is a self-image-based belief, and it could be about money. And you have lots of judgment-based beliefs about money as well, so, you know, you might say money is bad, or money doesn't grow on trees, or money is hard to come by, or money needs to be, you know, it takes money to make money. You know, all these statements that you, you have are perce- perceived statements of truth that are basically embedded into your paradigm. And when you see money in that way, like, how you see something is how you will act it out and how you'll behave with it. Because, you know, if your self-image is, "I love my mother," then you're going to treat your mother well. And, you know, if your judgment is, "My mum looks tired," then you're going to go and offer her, like, rest or something. But if your self-image is, "I hate my mother," then you're going to treat her horribly. And if your judgment is, "My mum looks like she's got loads of energy today," then you're not going to offer to do the dishes or something. So depending on what you think you've observed and how you think you're related to that observation is how you will behave. And so, when we take the component of money, if you fundamentally believe that it's impossible to make and that you're never gonna make it, then you're gonna act those beliefs out. And we're gonna talk about this in, later in this video a- and, and more, but that's the point for now. So, the component, mouse and cat interaction. So, let's say that, um, you know, let's say that you see a mouse and a cat. And let's say that you see the mouse run, the mouse ran away from the cat. So, you know, you're sat, let's say you're sat in a park and there's a rat and there's a cat, and the, the, the rat has just run away from the cat, right? Or the mouse. So you've observed that, and it's knowledge. So I have, I now have empirical knowledge that the mouse ran away from the cat. I could then judge the situation and form judgment-based beliefs about my knowledge. I could say, "The mouse was tiny and the cat was too slow." So these are, these are judgments. If I then went on to say, "I'm glad the mouse survived," I've now identified with the knowledge and with the judgment. Okay? So I formed an identity around a component of reality. Hitler, right? Not an easy topic. But let's say that they, you took the component of, of Hitler, right, in reality. 'Cause even though Hitler's not real anymore, he, he's ... Right? I mean, Hitler's real, right? But he's not alive. So he's not ... He, Hitler is real in the sense that we can perceive him in the tangible past reality. So remember, like, things don't have to be here anymore for them to be real. Like, Hitler's very much real. He's not alive and he's not here in the present, but, you know, he's part of this, of reality because you've got to realize that reality is mapped across the dimension of time and therefore everything that has happened is real and is still part of reality. Just because something doesn't exist anymore doesn't mean it's not part of reality. So Hitler, knowledge. You could say Hitler existed as the leader of the Nazi Party and he had a mustache. Right? So we're not, we're not saying it, this, this is just knowledge. Because you can't judge Hitler if you don't know he exists, right? And you can't judge Hitler's mustache if you don't know he had a mustache. Right? So I'm not, I'm not, what I'm not saying here is he had a short mustache, and I'm not saying the Nazis were good or bad. I'm just saying it exists, right? What I could then do is make the judgment that Hitler was morally wrong, and Hitler's mustache was not very nice, whatever. Right? Although there were, there were worse qualities to him than his mustache, I'm quite sure. But then your self-image could be, "I think Hitler is the worst person ever." So then you're choosing to identify in some way with the component. Okay? Um, there's a lot of examples here. Um, I think you kind of get the point. We'll go through a few more. So let's say there's a girl, a component is a girl called Sarah. Right? And, you know, you say there's a girl upstairs. Now, once again, with blue hair. I'm not really, I need to get rid of this because blue hair is judgment. You know, how blue is her hair? Is it dark blue? Is it light blue? It's up for, it's up for interpretation, right? Someone else might think it's green, so we have to be careful there. But if I said there's a girl upstairs, objectively there is a girl and, you know, she's above me and it takes, you know, some, um, vertical motion to, you know, reach her, and she's upstairs. Um, judgment could be she's cute. I'd like to go and talk to her, could be the self-image, right? You can pause and look at these examples for, for further examples as to how we form knowledge, judgment, and self-image beliefs about components. But, yeah. For example, like let's take EasyGrow. So EasyGrow is a component of reality, right? It's our next product, right, that, that you're gonna buy when you get results. And, you know, I could say knowledge that EasyGrow is Charlie Morgan's client acquisition program. That's knowledge. That's, that's what I've observed. And the judgment could be EasyGrow looks amazing or EasyGrow looks terrible. I mean, you can make your own mind up, right? And your self-image could be, "I'm going to invest in EasyGrow." So this happens a lot of the time with people, um, with this program, where a lot of people come in and they sort of decide that they're gonna, they're like, "I really like EasyGrow, and I think EasyGrow's like my thing and I'm gonna buy it." Like, they're forming an identity around it before they've even finished the program. And that's a fine thing to do, and you can do that, and I'm not saying what you should, I'm not gonna tell you what you should and shouldn't identify with. That's not my job here. I'm just making you aware that you do. Right? So that's that. Amazon rainforest, you know, knowledge, the Amazon rainforest is a rainforest that exists in Brazil. Okay? Just knowledge. That's just a piece of information, a statement of perceived truth that is, that is accurate, right, and aligned with the objective nature of the r- of the world. And, you know, if I went on to say, "It's huge and it's the biggest rainforest of them all," then I'm making a judgment. Even though this is knowledge insofar as that it is kind of a fact, it's still judgment. It's not knowledge because to somebody else, somebody else's subjective experience could be that the Congo rainforest is the biggest rainforest of them all. Because if all you've ever known is the Congo rainforest and you don't even know the Amazon exists, then, you know ... So any, any time that it's up for dispute is pretty much when, um, when it's, when it's judgment. I could, you could even make the argument that saying it exists in Brazil...... is also judgment, because somebody else might think it exists in Colombia or something. Maybe it does, I actually don't know. Anyway, being an idiot. Um, if I then said w- we're responsible for the deforestation of it, then that's a self-image belief 'cause I'm including the word we, right? So, this is basically how your paradigm forms, is it's a collection of belief systems and when you make an observation, you, you know, you use one of these, well, usually most of these belief systems to basically feel out what's there. Like, you know, this is how you see the world and this is, this is how reality manifests to you, okay? Now, the interesting thing is, is our paradigms vary because the thing is, is we all have different... We, we all have broadly similar knowledge to a degree. Although the interesting thing about this is, like, knowledge gives you a huge advantage because you're going through this program, right? And in real time, you're learning new things that you didn't know before, and therefore your pa- I- by, just by watching the last hour of this video, or by sitting down and watching this video, you have changed your paradigm and acquired new knowledge. So this video in live real time has just altered your paradigm and perception, which means that your subjective experience and the way that you perceive the world has just s- shifted. And I've just changed your paradigm by giving you new knowledge. Because now you have knowledge that paradigms exist and that, that belief systems exist and that you're responsible for them. And that's a huge, huge component now. And now what's gonna happen is when you make new observations in reality about things, those observations are gonna be now biased by this knowledge. And so this is why knowledge is power, is because what knowledge allows you to do is if it's accurate and correct, and we'll talk about accuracy and correction in the next video. I'm gonna, I'm gonna teach you how to be right every single time, and how to know if you're right and how to know if you're wrong and correct your paradigm. But what knowledge does is it, it basically gives you, it's a tool that you can use to perceive things in a way that is more suitable towards your goals. Okay? So your subjective reality is a personal reflection of objective reality. Everyone has a different subjective reality. So the cool thing is that some people have similar subjective realities. So, you know, for example, um, let's say that you're an online consulting entrepreneur in easygrow making 100K a month, right? Well, you're gonna have a very similar ob- uh, subjective reality and experience to other online consulting entrepreneurs making 100K a month, because, you know, you're making the same amount of money. In the same way that if you're a doctor and you're, you're a pediatrician and you work with kids, then what's gonna happen is, like, you're gonna have a very similar paradigm to lots of other people on the planet who are pediatricians. But everyone has a slightly different one. Just because you have the same line of work and, you know, it might not mean you have the same religion or, or the same health or the same family or the same relationship with music or food. Like, ev- you're all, everyone's different. And this is why people haven't, haven't lived such different lives. Everyone has their own unique perspective on reality, and your life is truly a reflection of your paradigm and fundamentally what, what you believe to be true Your beliefs create your reality. It's as simple as that. What you believe to be true usually is. And like I said before, as long as it is in, like, alignment with the objective nature of the world and it abides by the laws of nature and physics, then it can be true. Because, you know, you might right now believe that making money is hard and impossible and really difficult, and therefore you don't try. But to me, making money is easy and straightforward and really simple. And the only difference between you and me is I've experienced making money and you haven't. And that might seem like a bit of a catch-22, chicken and egg, because, like, well, how do I experience making money if I don't believe it's true? So how do I create an experience without that? Well, the answer to that question will be coming in the next video and I'm gonna explain it, and it's gonna become really clear how you can create experiences to manipulate your belief systems, to change your paradigm, to ultimately change the way the world manifests to you, so you can change your behavior. Now, one thing I wanna, I, I tell you before we move on here is the entire, entire... And I want you to just pay attention, snap out of this, like, flow mode that you're in and just really consciously pay attention to this. The entire point of this mindset module, not just this video, but the entire video series, is for me to change your behavior That's the only point. The only reason that I've put six months of work into this mindset module, probably more, is to change your behavior. That's it. The whole point is for me to get you to do the work. That's the only reason that I'm making this cont- I'm not making this content to, you know, help you understand things and... I- I'm, the only reason I'm making it is so that I get you to do the work. That's my entire objective with this, with this week two mindset training, is to change your behavior and get you to do the work. Okay? And the thing is, is that your paradigm informs your behavior. And so you act out your paradigm, you act out your belief systems, and all of the behavior that you partake in and the actions that manifest from your body and your mind are a direct result of your beliefs and your paradigm. And so the reason that I'm explaining this is not to just give you some woo-woo hippie thing, it's to inform you of, of a tool that you can use to change your behavior. Because if you don't change your behavior and if you don't change how you act, nothing's gonna change here. Your actions and your behavior determine your results and what you get. But the thing that's down to your behavior is your paradigm and your belief systems, because you act them out, okay? We'll talk about this in a minute. So, let me give an example. So let's say that we, once again, like, how do paradigms vary? So once again, let's say that we have this flower, right? This black flower. And I'm gonna zoom in a little bit for you here just so you can read this a little bit more. So let's say that this type of flower is highly poisonous for humans to consume if it's black But if it's any other color, it's safe to, for humans to consume. Okay? So we've got this black flower. If you eat the bl- if you eat the flower and it's black, you die. But if you eat it and it's any other color, you're gonna be fine. Now, let's say that we have, um, human A and human B. So we have two people with different consciousnesses, different paradigms, and what happens is they both come into contact with the black flowerOkay? Now, here's the thing. Let's say that person A has what we would call a yellow paradigm. And what this means is that when they loo- they're kind of color-blind, right? So when they see something that's black, they perceive it as yellow. And let's say that person B has a blue paradigm. So when they perceive what is black, they perceive blue. Okay? You ki- the easiest way to see it is like being color-blind, right? So, c- what's gonna happen is, there's a, i- objectively, on the board, there's a black flower. Like, the true, objective nature of reality and of the world is that this flower is black. But c- the problem is that these two humans, they have paradigms that are out of alignment with the objective nature of the world, and they- they're not seeing things accurately. And so what happens here is this person has a yellow paradigm and this person has a blue paradigm. So this person sees a yellow flower, and this person sees a blue flower. And the problem is, is because this is what they've observed, because this is what their paradigm informs them of, they become incredibly convinced that what they've observed is true. And so the human accepts the experience as true, and the human accepts the experience as true. So this person thinks that's a yellow flower, and this person thinks it's a blue flower. Even if the flower's black, they're both wrong, but they are, they- they think they're right. To them, they are right. Okay? So, c- this is the thing, is we- we have two forms of right and wrong. We have subjectively right and wrong, and we have objectively right and wrong. Right? And so, in this- in person A's mind, he's right, and in person B's mind, he's right. But, objectively, they're both wrong. And what happens now is, you know, the human judges the component of the- of the reality using their paradigm. So, p- you know, if- if this person ... Like, the whole point of this story is that the flower's black, and we know that if the flower's black, it's not safe for humans to consume. But, c- what's happened is these people, because they've got faulty paradigms, have perceived a yellow and a blue flower. And so in their mind, it's safe for these- this flower to be eaten because they've seen a yellow and a blue one. And so, p- now what they're gonna do is they're gonna form a judgment-based belief, which is, "This color of flower is not poisonous," because they think they've seen yellow and blue, right? And so what's gonna happen is, p- basically, you know, th- they're gonna identify with eating it. Like, "I'm gonna eat this flower." And they're both gonna die. Because they've eaten a black flower, but it was actually yellow for A and blue for B. And so they thought they were eating something safe, but the truth is that they weren't. They were eating something unsafe, and they couldn't see that because they were blinded by their paradigms. Right? And this is basically, c- kind of the way that everyone operates. And it's a shame to see. Like, this is how, this is why people are poor, this is why people are out of shape. Any sort of suffering you have in your life that, you know, that- that doesn't have to exist because, like, it's in your control. Like, if you've got cancer or something like, I mean, God help, you know. That's not- that's not necessarily 'cause of your paradigm. Or it could be, depending on your behaviors, right? But, you know, if you're broke, or out of shape, or have a bad relationship, or, you know, whatever, it's usually because of your paradigm. Because if there's somebody else on the planet who has a- an opposite situation to you and a good situation to you, then, well then there's a way to, there's a way to get that done, right? And so these people would die. Because what happens is we act out our beliefs. So if you say, "That's a yellow flower. That flower's safe, and I'm gonna eat that damn flower," then you're gonna eat it. And you're gonna die because you actually ate a black flower, but you thought you were eating a yellow one, right? And so the same thing is true in business. Another example here is the blind men and the elephant. Because p- we do not see the world objectively for what it is, we often misinterpret reality and fail to see the pure truth. This gets us in all sorts of trouble, as demonstrated above. So p- here we have an example called the blind men and the elephant. So, if you take six blindfolded men and individually lead them up to different parts of an elephant, they're each gonna have a different subjective experience and therefore reality. So, p- you know, imagine this for a second. Like, you blindfold these six dudes, and, you know, you- you- you put them in a room and then you bring an elephant in. And then what happens is you tell the people, like, you know, "Reach out and tell me what you feel." Well, person A over here is gonna touch the tusk and they're gonna be like, "Oh," you know, "there's a spear." You know, there's a, there's a, there's spear that's sort of moving around slightly. 'Cause he's blindfolded, he can't see the whole thing. He can only see what he immediately feels, right? And then, p- you know, this person down here is, like, gonna think it's a snake. 'Cause this person can just feel the trunk, like the end of the trunk, and like, "Oh, God. I'm feeling a snake." And then this person with the leg is gonna be like, "Oh, it's a tree." And the person with the back is gonna think it's a wall. And then we've got this guy, you know, he's gonna be feeling the ears flapping back and forth, thinking it's a fan. And the person at the end there thinks it's a rope. He's on tail. But this is kind of how people make observations throughout life, and this is why, you know, we- we as humans tend to be really wrong about what we perceive is because, p- seldom do we have the opportunity to have what you could call a holistic observation where you see the big picture, you see the whole picture. Because, p- you know, to this person here who's touching the tusk, this is a spear. Like, their reality is such that this is a spear. Th- th- that's actually what they think. They don't think it's an elephant, they think it's a spear. Right? And, you know, these people afterwards, if you took the elephant out the room and you unbl- you took their blindfolds off and you asked all of them to talk about what they've saw, these guys would go to war with each other. Because we defend our paradigms to the death. Like, you know, your worldview and your identity, you protect that thing literally with your life. And if you don't believe me, p- well, look at any war or suicide or anything. Like, pe- the reason people die, um, for non-, you know, biological reasons is- is for identity, you know. It's like, you know, if someone invaded your country, it's like, "I've gotta defend my country." It's like, y- you know, we- we w- we do not like being attacked when it comes to worldview and identity. And I know why, and I'm gonna explain it in the next video. But, p- um, but yeah. If you got these guys to, like, talk about it, like, one guy would be like, "Yeah, that was a rope, guys." The other person's gonna be like, "What the hell are you talking about? That's a tree. How the hell can you say that's a rope?" And then what's gonna happen is they're gonna start arguing, like, and then they're gonna start fighting. And then, like, maybe even one of them's gonna die (laughs) about, like, "No, it's a fan. I've got it." And then we- we just, we just become incredibly emotionally attached to p- our observations. Which makes sense, because you can't blame any of these people. Like, if you're blindfolded and led up to an elephant and you touch the tusk, you're gonna be like, "Yeah, that was- p- kind of felt like a blunt spear." And then you're gonna defend that, because that's literally what you've observed. You don't know any different. So the same thing is true with, like, people who grow up in poverty or, like, poor families. You know? Like, I- I didn't grow up in poverty or a poor family, but, you know, I grew up in sort of a- a middle class environment where my dad was- had a successful financial career. And, um, he had a, you know, he- he was, um, a very good father. He took good care of us. He made sure we never went hungry and, you know, we lived in a nice house and stuff. But I was never, like, rich, rich, rich. Right? But, you know, I- he educated me on money and stuff, which was helpful, but ... Like, my point here is that a lot of people, when they- when they're in poverty, and when they grow up poor, or, you know, if ... Let's say that you bought a course ages ago and you got scammed, and now you think online money is a scam. Like, what's- that's like buying one course and being scammed, and then thinking that all other courses is- are a scam is like, is like going up to an elephant blindfolded, touching its leg, and thinking you found a tree. But then becoming adamant that you found a tree. Like, until you've got the full picture, it's tough. And this is the real problem, is a lot of people, we- we make huge mistakes. You know, like, one time, one observation one time becomes your ultimate reality, and you will now act it out. And it's a real shame. So, p- you know, another example, right? So, p- if I asked you, like, what does this look like? Okay? So this, this thing that you can see on the, on the screen is- ... yellow and in blue. What are these? What does this look like to you? What shape do you think you're observing here? What, what shape do you think objectively exists, right? You, w- w- you're obviously like, "It's a circle." You know, you can see a circle clear as day, that's a circle. Not- it's- could be anything else. Same thing is true here, like, wha- what about this? What is this? What shape are you observing here? What's the- what's the objective reality here? Well, it's a square. Of course it's a square. Like, you can literally see circle and square. I mean, you could argue, like, a rectangle or something but, but it, it's a, it's a quadrilateral shape and a circle's a circle shape, right? Well, p- the thing is, it's actually neither. Because, you know, what, what this really is, is like a sort of tube with two different types of reflection. And so when you zoom out and you have some more context, now you can actually make a more objective observation. But a lot of people would just, like, fight to the death over these two things, because they're never gonna see the big picture, right? Depending on your point of reference and the availability of information, it's incredibly likely you'll make a mistake about what you're observing. This is because your paradigm is fundamentally limited to your sensory and imaginary experiences. So, you know, all I'd given you, or the only sensory input you had for this decision was what you saw on the screen here, right? So it's not really your fault that you were wrong, it was just your observation. And we're wrong about stuff all the time, right? And you aren't omnipotent and godlike. Yeah, this might be achieving omnisc- omniscience, right? But you don't see everything. You're constrained and bound by what you've experienced, and you can't comprehend anything beyond this. And this is why, like, I feel sorry for people that have never been exposed to the, to the right information before, because, you know, like, you're wrong. Like, about ... Like, all of these assumptions you have, all these judgments, all these identities, all these things, they're wrong. Like, you know, maybe you believe it's hard to make money. Maybe you believe that making money online's impossible. Maybe you believe that getting to six figures is not gonna happen. Like, these are just all ... The, all these are, all these are, are just your beliefs that have been formed and built based off of your experiences. And your experiences, remember, are constrained to your immediate sensory awareness and your imagination. And if you've never experienced wealth before, or knowledge, or information about money, it's not your fault. Now, it is, because your beliefs are your responsibility, and your mind is your responsibility. But you didn't really have the, the knowledge that that was even the case. So now that you're respons- now that you're aware, you're responsible, right? But even up until now you've been responsible. But you get my point. It's like, you're wrong about a lot of things, but that's because you, you didn't know any better, you know? You, you just, you just didn't. It's like, you know, you ... It's like, thinking that making money is, is, is online is hard, you know? It's like, it's what ... It's all you've seen. (laughs) How can you not ... Of course you think it. How can you possibly not? Like, it's p- it, it's all you've ever known. Like, if, if, if right now you're broke, and, you know, you haven't got a business and you're not making money, then, well, that's, that's, that's, that's your experience, right? So of course you think that's how the world works. And of course that's your paradigm. And of course that's how reality manifests to you, right? But if you, if you have the full picture and you have the information on how to make the money, like, imagine I, I said to you, I was like, "Okay. Well, you think making money's hard right now. But if I gave you the right mentorship and the right information, and I told you exactly what to do and how to do it, and it had worked for thousands of other people, and you did it, do you think you'd make money?" Well, the answer is obviously yes. So p- this is the thing, is you can change your paradigm if you change your experiences and information, and we'll talk about this. By the way, I know that I keep saying, like, we'll talk about this, and, you know, there's, I'm gonna explain this in later videos and stuff. But the point I'm making is, I understand how, how sort of cognitively groundbreaking some of this information can be. And I just want to reassure you that everything will be fully explained, and everything will be fully looped and full-circled and completely comprehendible by the, the, the ... That this, this one video is contextualized against, like, six more to come, five more to come, right? So, it's important that you understand that even if you're not, it isn't clicking right now, it will click by the time you've finished the module. Because I don't want you getting confused. So the same thing is true p- for all components of reality. So, you know, let's say, imagine for a second here that someone has grown up in poverty their entire life, right? They have no internet access, and they live in a rural village with no way of ever experiencing anything even slightly resembling abundance and wealth. So this person, all their life, has never seen anything to do with wealth. No internet, no car, nothing, no city, just donkeys and a farm, and they've never seen wealth before. Well, that person will live and die thinking that poverty is just the way the world works and that nothing else is possible. They won't even try to get rich or get out of poverty because they don't even perceive it as an option. Like, how can you, how can you, like, how can you possibly even start to think about trying to get rich if you don't even know that the, the concept of rich exists? All you've ever known is, you know, poor and poverty. And to you, that's just the way the world is. Like, it's not even that bad because you don't know there's an opposite. You just see it as like, "Well, that is, it kind of is what it is," right? This is why, by the way, like, people throughout history suffer immeasurably but not as bad as you might think, because they didn't know any different. It's like, you know, when you think about, like, peasant farmers and stuff, like, a lot of them just, like, they lived and died in this sort of paradigm vacuum where they don't even, they didn't, there was no other option, there was no other, like, escape. That was just how the world worked. And because there was no contrast, there was significantly less suffering. The second that you know that there's a better way to do something or a better way to live and you're not living it, that's when you start feeling pain, right? But if you don't experience it, it doesn't exist. Like, if you've never, if you've never experienced wealth before, it doesn't exist to you. It doesn't. Another example. Let's say that someone's grown up all their life overweight. So they've overeaten, they're fat. Well, they've been told by their parents and doctors over and over that their condition is genetic and that they will always be overweight no matter what. Well, this person will live and die thinking that being overweight is just the way they are and won't attempt to make a change because that's the hand they were dealt. They won't even try to lose weight because they didn't even perceive the option of healthiness. So cl- you know, let's say that they had a bad doctor.And that doctor was incentivized to just sell them pills to, like, suppress their appetite and make money off them. And that doctor had a bad incentive and that doctor was wrong, 'cause doctors are wrong all the time sometimes, right? A lot of the time. And, like, you know, that person's paradigm was just shaped around this one doctor's visit, and now their parents believe it. And now they, now they've got this easy victimhood out of just like, "Oh, it's just my genes. I'm fat because of my genes, because of my genetic condition that my doctor prescribed me with to sell me pills. And he was wrong because he didn't pay attention in class, because humans are infallible, and I should've realized that." Well, now you're gonna live and die fat because you didn't even perceive that losing weight is an, is an option. It's like, it's like, your paradigm is so important. This is how your paradigm works. Your behavior, your actions, your decisions are fundamentally constrained and limited by your paradigm. All of your experiences form all of your beliefs, and all of your beliefs form your paradigm. And therefore, your reality and your life is a fundamental product of your experiences. And if you don't experience something, it's not real. And don't worry, like I said, we're gonna have solutions. Don't worry. But this is the Mark Twain quote, "It ain't what you don't know that gets you into trouble. It's what you know for sure that just ain't so." Often, the thing that messes you up and gets you into trouble in life and, and keeps you poor and fat and unhealthy and all the other bad things, is, you think that the world is a certain way. You just, like, I, it, it, I, I completely understand, 'cause I had the same thing with money. I had so much doubt. I was like, "No one's gonna buy from me. I'm not gonna sell anything without- I'm not..." How, why was, "No one's gonna buy if I haven't got testimonials." Like, all these beliefs were coming out, and I would act them out, and I wouldn't, I wouldn't be successful. The second that I changed my belief systems and paradigm and I started seeing the world in a different way, then I changed my behavior, and that is the key. We change your behavior, but the only way I can change your behavior is by changing your paradigm. And the only way that I can... Well, basically, I wanna change your reality. The only way I can change your reality is by changing your behavior. But the only way I can change your behavior is by changing your paradigm. And the only way I can change your paradigm is by changing your belief systems. And the only way I can change your belief systems is by changing your experiences. And the only way I can do that is by teaching you how it all works and then helping you change them. So this is, this is with intent. This is not just some theory, right? This is all ending up with a goal, right? So, what I have here is something called the reality ladder, which basically explains in linear format how your paradigm creates your reality, okay? So, the first thing we have here is your life and your reality. So, the question is, is like, well, where does your reality come from? Where does your li- like, obviously life I'm using as a term here to denote your experience of reality, right? So your reality comes from the sum of every single action you've ever taken. I'm gonna let that sink in for a second. Where you are right now in life is the sum of every action you've ever taken, ever. At least financially or healthwise or whatever you're trying to fix here, right? If, you know, if you've got meningitis, unfortunately, it's very unlikely that... Let's say you're born with meningitis and now you die. It's like, that's not your fault, right? That wasn't because of your actions. So, there are some exceptions to this. Some things can happen that interfere. But for the most part, for the majority rule, 99% of your life, everything you have is because of what you've done, right? And so that means that your reality is the sum of all your actions. And it, and it really is. You might not think it is, but it really is. Like, everything that you've ever done and every action you've ever taken, every deci- like, all of these things that you've done have just built what you've got now. How could it be any other way? Like, you're li-... We know from, from week one, and from that, from, from the Genesis videos that, you know... I don't mean that in a biblical sense, by the way. But we know from, like, the, the foundations of business, the Genesis videos, that, like, um, that your life is kind of like this, this collection of, um, of actions. Like, it's cause and effect, right? It's Hegel's dialectic. It's just, it's cause and effect. And so every action you've done, aggregated over time, creates your reality, which is why we need to change your actions. Because, remember, a synonym or another word for action is behavior. So every behavior you've ever done, right? So, the question is, is, well, where the hell do your actions come from? Because, you know, it's, it's all good and well me telling you that, but, well, where do your actions come from? Well, your actions, they come from every decision you've ever made. So, in order for you to take an action, you have to make the decision to take the action. If every day I go for, like, a run, and that's why I'm in shape, then every day I have to decide to go for a run, right? And so, you know, you, you make the decision. And so your actions are the sum of your decisions, okay? These sort of binary option-based choosing thing that you do every single day. You know, it's like, what you have for lunch, who you hang around with, where you live, how you spend your money, where you go, who you see, what you read, what you listen to, what you do, what you don't do. All these decisions manifest as actions, which create your reality. The next thing is, well, where the hell do your decisions come from? 'Cause, you know, what the hell? Like, these, these, these binary choices that we make every day, how do we make them? Where do they come from? Well, your decisions come from all of your perceived options. So, you know, it's kind of impossible for you to make a decision if you don't perceive the option to make it. So, you know, if you wanna get rich and you wanna make money, but you don't, but you, you don't, you don't perceive that as a potential option because you've never known what rich means and you don't even know what the hell it means, then you don't even know it's an option. So, in order for you to make a decision to do something, you have to know you have the option to do it. So, you know, it's kind of like, it's kind of like this, um, that example of someone who's always been fat. And they're like, "I wanna make..." They're like, they, they cannot make the decision to get healthy if they think that healthy isn't an option, right? Same thing with someone who wants to learn how to make money with this program. Like, if you believe, which, by the way, you'd be very wrong to believe, but if you believe that, like, you're just not gonna make it, then you don't perceive the option of trying.... which means that you're not gonna do it. So, your decisions are the sum of your perceived options. But then, the question is, w- where the hell do your perceived options come from? Like, w- what are these options? Like, where do these things come from? How do you, how do you possibly get them? Well, p- your perceived options, all these, these things, they come from your thoughts. So, you know, because what is an option? It's a thought, right? It's a, it's a string of, it's a string of information, um, that encapsulates a component of reality in your consciousness, right? That's a pretty good way to define it, I think. On the rep, off the spot. Not bad. Nice and articulate. Stop patting myself on the back. It's getting weird, right? Anyway, it's been a while. Been a long recording. So, your perceived options come from your thoughts. Now, your thoughts is pinging all over the place. You're not always gonna have thoughts about, like, options and stuff, but the way that you perceive an option is a thought. Because it manifests to you as a thought. 'Cause you might have the thought of like, "Oh, maybe I actually can get rich. Maybe I actually can make money. Maybe I actually can do the work. Maybe I'm actually not afraid of rejection," right? These are p- these all start as thoughts, right? And so your perceived options... But then, I mean, this one. You're probably getting the theme here. Where the hell do those things come from? Like, where on earth do your thoughts come from? Because, you know, to a lot of people it just seems like, well, to everyone really, it just seems like your thoughts just ping out of nowhere and they're just these random, like, you know, this, this, these random wavelengths that just take you on a journey. But the thing is, is it's not. Because if that, if it was completely random, then your life would be completely random. But it's not, because your life is very predictable and you're a creature of habit and routine, and you, you execute on the same actions and you make the same decisions and you have the same options perceived all the time. And those things are similar to your family and your friends and the people you hang around. And, like, your life is very predictable and, you know, if we know that your life comes from your thoughts because of your, you know, these things, this ladder down, then it can't be random, right? Well, your thoughts come from your paradigm. Because, you know, the, the way that you, like... Basically, in order for you to think, you have to have a subjective reality to think about. So, whenever you think, you're thinking about something, right? And when you're thinking about something, it's because you've got an image or, you know, you've got this sense of reality, which is your subjective reality, and that's what you think about. So, your thoughts come from your subjective reality. Imagine that, you know, subjective reality is this massive big ball of energy, right? And, like, things like, th- it's such a, th- this, the big ball of energy that constantly creates new energy and it's self-forfeilling and it's just expanding and it's huge. And p- what happens is there's little cracks in this ball and energy's leaking out of the ball all the time. The stuff, the little bits of energy leaking out, dripping out, are your thoughts. Your thoughts come from your subjective reality. And your subjective reality ultimately comes from your paradigm, because p- your paradigm kind of creates it, right? And so p- whenever you have a thought, you can only think about your subjective reality. It's impossible for you to have a thought about something that you don't know exists or don't believe to be true. Like, it's, it's near impossible, right? So, then the question becomes, well, p- where the hell (laughs) does the paradigm come from? Like, where does this, what was this thing doing here? Like, where does this... Is it God? Is it the universe? Is there some metaphysical in- sentient being that's, you know, come here, like, given us consciousness? Well, this is simple. Your, your paradigm, and you kind of have probably figured this one out by now, your paradigm comes from all your beliefs. It's the sum of all your beliefs, right? And the question is then, well, your beliefs are just, you know, statements of perceived truth, right? And, um, you know, i- it's pretty simple. It's, it's really simple, you know? All these beliefs, all these things you believe to be true, they make up your paradigm, and that's p- where they come from. But then, okay, well, where the hell do your beliefs come from? Pretty good question, right? Well, as you might have gathered, they come from your experiences. It's impossible, right... Let me explain this. It is impossible for you to believe something without having experienced it first. Think about it. Because it's imp- you cannot form a belief about something, around or about something that you have not observed. And you don't have to observe it physically, remember. It can be intangible, and it doesn't have to be in the present. It can be in the past or in the future or in the present, and it can be intangible or tangible. But your beliefs are formed from your experiences, and your paradigm is formed from your beliefs. And your thoughts are formed from your paradigm, and your options, or perceived options, are formed from your thoughts. Your decisions are formed from your options, and your actions are formed from your decisions and your reality... I'm just gonna put here, reality. Your reality is formed from your actions. And so this is why I'm explaining this to you, because my objective here is to change your reality. But I can't change your reality without changing your actions, so I need to change your behavior. 'Cause, you know, this is, this is basically your behavior, right, and how you act. But I can't change your behavior without changing your decisions. And I can't change your decisions without changing your perceived options. And I can't do that without changing your paradigm. And I can't do that without your beliefs. And then I have to change your experiences. Let me give you, let me give you an idea that just came to mind as I was saying that. As a human being, as a s- w- what you are is a wave, you're a wave of, you're a wavelength of consciousness, right? That's p- you, you, you wa- you experience the world through your consciousness, right? And all you do is you, you're like a, um... How do I explain this? How do I explain this? 'Cause this is a big one. You have experiences, right? And what you are is a bundle of experiences laced together and tied together into something that you call life. And what you do is you go through life... You're like, imagine you're like a vacuum cleaner, you're like a hoover. And you go through life, and everything, everything you, you come into contact with, either in your imagination or in your physical senses, either in the past, present, or future, you, you c- you kind of hoover it up. You collect it in this bag. And that bag, that hoo- that vacuum cleaner bag that contains all of this stuff that you've hoovered up through your observation, that's your life. This, this bag that you can hold up with everything that you've collected so far in your life is basically, like, that's your life. That's all your life is, is it's all, just all your experiences. Like, think about that for a second, just really deeply comprehend that for me for just a second there. I know it's weird to think you're a vacuum cleaner, and it's quite a comic ana- co- comical analogy to use for such a serious p- point. But you're like a, you're just a vehicle for experience. And what you do is, as you go through life, is you form beliefs to categorize your experiences. Because, you know, if it, if they just exist as experiences, that's just pure chaos. So, you know, you kind of have to form beliefs about experiences, because beliefs are kind of how you anchor yourself in the world. Like, without beliefs, without, without your, without you knowing what's true or thinking what's true, like, life is just chaos. Like, you're just gonna exist in, like... It's just a bunch of atoms flying around, right? So, we use beliefs to map reality and essentially make it concrete and make sense of it. Because without beliefs, like, w- we don't know, we don't know, like, how... We, we don't, we don't need to think about. This is, this is why you create beliefs, is so you actually have stuff to think about, and things to do, and life. Like, consciousness kind of is, is beliefs, right? And then, um, and.. This is h- And then basically, all of those experiences, they, they create your beliefs. And all, then you have your paradigm, that creates your thoughts. Like, remember, your, your thoughts, like, spill out of your paradigm, create the options you perceive, inform your decisions, then you take actions, and then you form your life. And so you really are just like this experience machine. And you basically just, you take all these experiences and, you know, all of these experiences aggregated together over time is just basically your life. If you ever wonder what you are, if you ever try to ask yourself, like, "What am I? What is life?" (laughs) It's just a collection of experiences. It really is. There's nothing more than that. It's the same, it's the same premise in which the, a movie, like I said, is just a collection of frames strung together or that a book is a collection, a novel is a collection of words strung together. You're just a collection of experiences strung together. And up until now, there's a strong chance that you haven't had the best experiences and that your experiences have been out of alignment with what you want to achieve. And you wanna be more, and you wanna be successful, and you wanna be rich and, and happy and financially free, but you have, you've never experienced that before. And so fundamentally in your mind, you have a lot of doubt and fear around whether or not it's actually possible, and that's why you're unsuccessful. Because if you, you, you're not taking the actions that you need to do. Your behavior is not successful behavior, right? It is in so far as that you're starting to get it now by watching these videos and doing the action items and, you know, all these things, joining Easy Grow, whatever. Like, you're starting to get the hang of this action thing, and you're starting to make the right decisions, and you're starting to perceive options that you hadn't perceived before. And that is purely because your paradigms changed, because as by gi- by me giving you new information, I'm, I'm basically giving you new experiences. I'm educating you, and I'm giving you experiences in this training, which is creating your new beliefs, that everything is upstream of that, right? So, now that you kind of get this, what I wanna do is give you a little bit more insight into how experiences actually work, because experiences, these, these, these things are the key, because, like, how could it be any other way? Like, your life is an output, and your life doesn't, it doesn't just happen. It's, it's tangible. You can see it. Not, not see it, like, physically, but, you know, you could, you could, like, take every experience you've ever had, every conscious moment. You could string them out in a nice linear line and just observe them. You know how, like, in Interstellar, how like, um ... If you've seen Interstellar before. If you haven't seen Interstellar before, I'd suggest you watch it. But, there's like, there's, they, they create this dimension where the main character can perceive every single, like, um, moment throughout time, and that every single little experience in these little, like, packaged into these little time blocks. And that's kind of really how the mind works and how your life works. So, to understand how your paradigm works, you need to understand how beliefs work, and to understand how beliefs work, you need to understand how experiences work. So, what we're doing here, really, is basically getting to the bottom of, of this thing, and we're gonna talk a lot more about, um, your belief systems and how your belief systems form. And, you know, we're gonna talk a lot more about your paradigm, where it comes from, and how to, how to change it and how to fix it, and we're gonna get into that in the next video. But for now, I want you to basically just comprehend the idea of experiences, um, with as much accuracy as possible. So, okay, let's recap. What is a belief, and how do they form? Are we just born with them? Do they come out of nowhere? Are they random, as they may seem? Well, we know this not to be true. A belief is a statement of perceived truth about a component of reality. Remember, beliefs exist in three forms, okay? I'm gonna highlight this in blue before my color-based OCD goes crazy. We have knowledge-based beliefs. Remember, knowledge-based beliefs are like what you believe exists. We have judgment-based beliefs, which is what you believe to be true about what you believe t- exists. And then we have self-image b- based beliefs, which is what you believe to be true about yourself in relation to whatever exists, right? What you believe exists or your judgment of that. Any belief that you have can be categorized into one of these three categories. Now, you can have many beliefs about a certain component of reality. Like, let's take a baguette, for example, right? You can have a hundred beliefs about this baguette. That's a baguette. Knowledge, right? That baguette is light brown. Judgment. I don't know how to t- how to bake a baguette. I was gonna say take. (laughs) I was gonna say, "I don't know how to take a baguette." That would be, that would be a very questionable thing to say in a business training that's as serious as this one. Anyway, self-image, right? (laughs) Moving on, self-image. That baguette looks like a sword. Judgment. Uh, what sword? I mean, maybe a French sword. I don't know. My best friend would hate this baguette. Self-image. So, you know, we, we, we see things, and then we, we start, you know, judging them and, uh, uh, identifying with them and, you know, forming knowledge around them, and that's how we perceive the world. But the question is, is like, well, where do these statements come from? Well, you should have gathered by now, they come from experiences. So, experiences are how reality manifests itself to us, and every experience exists in the mind. So, even if you're looking at something, even if you're hearing something, smelling something, like, we hallucinate reality as we experience it in our mind. So, like, this is a hard thing to gauge, but right now, the experience that you're having, this conscious thing of seeing things and hearing my voice, you're hallucinating this. It's real, and it's, it's, it's physically there, but the only way that you're observing it in this little capsule that's your head is through hallucination, right? And this is a pretty coo- This is just consciousness, right? All experiences are subjective experiences. They are a projected image of reality filtered through our paradigmAnd this is how they form, okay? So this is how experiences basically happen. So a component of objective reality exists. A human observes it with their five senses or imagination, so remember, it can be tangible or intangible and it can be technically observed only in the present, but we can observe the past and the potential future. The observation is made through a paradigm, which is the collection of your s- of, of your belief systems, which is, in essence, your, you know, your world view and your identity as an aggregate, represented as an aggregate. A reflection of reality is created in the mind of the observer, like a mirror, and then this reflection is called experience. So p- thing exists, you exist, you look at the thing through a paradigm, it bounces back like a mirror, and then in your mind you see the thing, okay? Everything, everything is an experience. Everything. Every thought you've had, every dream, every time you open your eyes, listen, smell, touch, et cetera, every conversation, every moment, every second, for as long as you are conscious, you've had an experience. So p- the only time that you're not having experiences is when you're asleep and not dreaming. Anyway, uh, people would argue that you're not conscious when you're dreaming, right? So p- you know, I'm not gonna get into that, but basically, rule of thumb, for as long as you're conscious, you're having an experience, right? And it's not just when you go on holiday or try a new restaurant. So a lot of people think that, like, an experience is when you do something you've never done before, but it's not really the case. It's everything, everywhere, constantly stacked together, creating your life. Your life is just a string of experiences, one after the other, hallucinated in your mind, creating this thing that we call life. And remember that your experiences are filtered through your paradigm. So p- the, the question is, is like, really, like, w- well, how? Like, how are these experiences related to your belief systems and, you know, why is it the case that your belief systems are the sum of your experiences? Well, p- this is pretty cool because we basically have, um, three types of experience, okay? So p- when it comes to, like, having an experience, there's, there's three different forms that it can take. So we've got initial experiences, confirming experiences, and denying experiences. So p- a initial experience is basically the first experience or impression of something. So p- the first time that you experience something and observe something befo- when you, something you've never observed before is, is the initial experience. Then we have the confirming experiences, and these are experiences that c- confirm your current impression or belief of something. And then we have denying experiences, which are experiences that deny your current impression or belief of something. So p- once you've experienced something, that's it. You, you've done the initial sort of experience stage, and from that point onwards, any time you experience something related to that thing, you're either confirming or denying what you believe to be true, okay? Now, confirming experiences happen when we make an observation of reality and synthesize the information using our consciousness to confirm what we already believe to be true about the world. And denying experiences happen when we synthesize information and make an observation of reality and synthesize information to, using our consciousness, that denies what we already believe to be true about the world. So p- let's say, for example, that you think Trump is a bad person, and let's say that you watch the news and the news is saying that he is a good person. Well, p- that is deny- that is a denying experience, right? And so every time that you see a piece of information or every time you observe o- like, objective reality, and well, you know, sometimes the news isn't very objective to be honest, but every time you observe reality and make a subjective observation about something that you already believe to be true, it's either gonna confirm or deny. Now, p- sometimes you can have neutral experiences where, you know, it's neither here nor there, but it's usually almost always confirm or deny, right? So let me give you some examples. So p- let's say, um, a knowledge-based belief. So remember, like, it's impossible for you to have a belief without an experience because, p- you know, how could it be any other way? Like, when you, when you have an experience, that thing just happened and is real. And so p- from a knowledge-based perspective, like, if something is real, like, you believe it's real, right? And so p- let's take, for example, Bigfoot. So let's say that you believe that Bigfoot exists, okay? And the initial experience that has fed into this, um, this knowledge-based belief is you were skiing on holiday and you saw a big white figure when you were 13. And so to you, because you have seen this thing, in your mind, that has synthesized to you believing that Bigfoot exists. And so this belief has been born out of this initial experience, right? And so now, any time that you have an experience related to Bigfoot, it's either gonna confirm or deny. So p- you know, let's say that you watch the documentary about Bigfoot and why he's real. Well, that's gonna be a, an experience that confirms what you believe to be true. But then let's say that you go back to the same s- the same place, the same skiing place next year, and you don't see him. Well, that would be a denying experience, okay? So p- every time that you experience something, you're either confirming or denying what you believe to be true about the thing. But if you've never experienced the thing before, then you create a belief based on what you've observed, right? And we're gonna talk more about this i- in the next video, but like, let's say that I sit in a chair outside and it's my initial in- it my initial impression of that chair, and, you know, and I sit in the chair, and let's say I think it's really uncomfortable Well, p- that's my initial experience, right? So what that means that from now on, every time I sit in a chair, unconsciously, or maybe not, it's gonna be that, maybe it's not that deep, right? But every time I sit in a chair, I will be like, "Oh, this is a comfortable chair," or, "An uncomfortable chair," you know, at least in contrast to the one that I sat in that was uncomfortable. Let's take a judgment-based belief, right? So p- let's say that you believe that Mount Everest is the tallest mountain in the world, which I believe, and I believe it is. Um, and let's say the initial experience of that was in the school classroom when you were 10 years old and you had a geography lesson on Mount Everest. And so you received an experience in school about this, and because you experienced that... you know, that, that sort of information, that judgment-based information, you now believe this to be true. And, you know, let's say that your friend, you know, 20 years later, 30 years later, climbs Mount Everest and sends you a picture. And you know, you, you thank, "God, that must be the tallest mountain in the world. That looks really tall." But then let's say that you watch a documentary, a conspiracy documentary, that says that China has a, a mountain that's taller that's hidden away in secret. Well, now that would deny your judgment, right? Your, your belief might be brought into question and you might change your belief, right? And let's take a self-image-based belief. So let's say that you think that making money online is hard for you. You know? Or c- let's say that you have the initial experience when you were a kid of your father telling you that making money online is a scam. And so p- you know, for you, you just believe it's a scam, and therefore you believe it's hard and all these things get tied up. And let's say that you, you know, you believe this, you believe it's m- hard, but you have hope so you try and you buy a drop shipping course, but then you get ripped off. And then you're like, "Oh, do you know what? I knew it. I knew making money online was harder. I knew my dad was right." It confirms, right? But hopefully, and I know this to be true if you do the work, this course is a denying experience for this belief. So you think it's really hard, I think it's really easy. I'm gonna part with new information to make it easy and that will deny your self-image-based belief. So p- here's how a belief forms. So you experience an objective component of reality and create a knowledge-based belief, therefore establishing what you think is true and exists. Right? Based on your existing beliefs, biases, and perspectives, you will judge the experience you have just solidified into knowledge. And this is how judgment-based beliefs form. I need to actually change this to judgment. Okay? So you judge it, then you have your judgment-based belief. And then based on your id- existing identity and your existing beliefs, you will then identify with the experience you've just solidified and the judgments that you have just made about the knowledge. So p- you know, let me give you an example. The initial experience, right, is you go to Dubai and you visit the Burj Khalifa, right? So you visit the Burj Khalifa and your knowledge is you now know the Burj Khalifa exists. So let's say you didn't know the Burj Khalifa exists. By the way, if you don't know it exists, it's the tallest building in the world, in Dubai. And like, let's say y- before coming to Dubai, you didn't even know it was a thing. So you visit, now you have new knowledge that exists, right? And then, you know, whilst you're there, you judge the Burj Khalifa as the tallest building in the world. You look up and you think, "Yep, I knew it. That's the tallest building in the world. I've asked a guide and he says it's true as well, so it must be true." And then, you know, you identify potentially with it by saying that you like the design. So you're like, "Oh, I think it's really cool." Or, "I love it." Right? And that, that's how you, you've essentially formed an experience in this, in this way, right? So you've, you've, you've, you've had the initial experience and now all of the things that you do here on regarding the Burj Khalifa are going to either confirm or deny the judgment or identity that you have. Or maybe even the fact that it exists in the first place. I don't know. So p- another example. Let's say that you go jet skiing for the first time. So your initial experience. You've never been jet skiing before. You never talked to anyone who jet skied before, so you have no i- no, no knowledge of what it's like to jet ski whatsoever at all. Never even seen a video of it. So you do it for the first time and now you know what it feels like to jet ski. So you have new knowledge, right? And then what's gonna happen is you're gonna judge the jet ski experience, and you might think, "Oh, it, the j- the jet ski experience was fast." You know? And then you're gonna identify and you could say, "I am afraid. I'm never going jet skiing again. I'm really afraid of it." Right? Then you've now created, like, an experience around jet skiing, okay? And so p- you know, let's say that you see a, a, a, an ad to buy a jet ski. Well, you're, you're not gonna perceive the option to buy it because you think it's scary, you don't wanna do it. And both of these instances are called initial experiences. And when you, when... This is where you experience something for the very first time. When you have initial experience, you essentially lock reality in place and take a stance and form these beliefs. So the p- this is how we sort of solidify reality. We just lock it into place. Like, once we've had this experience and we form these beliefs, it's kind of impossible for... Well, it's not impossible, but we don't intentionally, like, we don't really think about moving this. Like, you know, from this stance, you will now view the world and f- form future beliefs and opinions about reality that align with your new perspective. So let me give you an example. Um, I went go-karting for the first time when I was, I think, like, 19, and I hated it. Like, I, I, I, I, like, I wasn't f- I wasn't feeling very well on the day and, um, like, my go, the go-kart that I had, like, the steering was really faulty and really janky so it didn't really work, and I basically kept getting lapped by my friends because, like, I couldn't steer and I was just, like, hungover. It was, no, it was not nice. Like, I, I had a bad experience with go-karting. Objectively, I was just probably terrible at it, right? But, you know, whatever. So I hate go-karting. Like, with a passion. I really do not enjoy it at all. And the only reason I hate it is because my initial experience with it was bad. So, you know, first of all, I was hungover, felt like crap, and, um, second of all, um, my, uh, my friends, like, took the piss out of me because, like, my steering wouldn't work and I kept getting lapped, and, like, I was like... It was just a p- it was a nightmare. Right? And I was hot and I had to wear a suit, like one of those go-karting suits, and my helmet was too tight. It was not... I just didn't enjoy it at all, right? And now I just hate go-karting. And, like, how this, how this effect... I know this is, like, a rudimentary example, but, like, my reality is I will never go kart, because, like, I hate go-karting. Because of my actions I will never go go-karting, because I will never make the decision to do it. I won't even perceive the option to do it. So p- you know, say for example that, like, someone's like, "Oh, what should we do for your birthday?" Like, I won't even perceive go-karting as an option, because I won't even think of it, because my paradigm won't allow it, because my beliefs don't allow it, because my experience was bad. So I had a bad experience with go-karting, which means that I believe that it sucks and I hate it, which means that that forms my paradigm. So the way that my subjective reality has manifested around go-karting is p- fuck that. Which means that I think bad things about it, which means that my perceived options is like, "I'm never gonna do it." So I don't do it, and then I don't act it, which means I don't go go-karting. So p- I know that's just a bit of a weird example for go-karting, but p- the same thing is true for everything, like money, everything, et cetera, et cetera, right? And when you, when you have this initial experience, it really does just, like, it's, it's, it just, it just locks, like, your, your, your reality just kinda gets locked off, you know? It's, it's like, um, not to, not to be too crude with an example, but it's like the sperm and the egg, you know, in how, like, um, how the, the sexual reproduction process works for, like, human beings. Like, you know, like, once, like, one sperm gets into the egg, the egg, like, locks off and solidifies and nothing else can get in, and it's like only that one sperm got in. And the same thing is kind of ... (laughs) That's a bit weird. But the same thing is kind of true with your experiences and your beliefs. Like, I don't care what anyone says, I'm not going go-karting. Right? Like, I know object... I know how this stuff works, right? So I know that I could go go-karting and probably get, you know, two or three lessons and then be good and have a good time and then enjoy it again. So you're ex- you can change, you know, your beliefs and the way you change your beliefs is by changing your experiences and switching it round and it can be completely done, it's entirely possible. But for me, like, A, I hate it, so I don't wanna do that, but, which is kinda stupid, right? But, but B, like, it's just not a problem. Like, I don't, I don't feel the need to, to, to fix go-karting. If, let's say that my, um, say I had a f- let's say I had a son and... Let's say that I had a son and he was eight years old and- ... he was- he loved the idea of go-karting, all he ever wanted to do was have, was go go-karting. Well, then I'd go go-karting. I'd be like, you know, "Fine, I don't, I don't hate it anymore." Like, you can change your experiences, eh, but you only change them when you need to, right? So, um, so here's the thing, right? Uh, where was I? Do-do-do. So here's the thing, when you have a new ini- initial experience, your judgments and identity with it are formed in accordance with what you already have experienced and believe to be true. So p- every, so every new initial experience that you have, so for example, this video, this course, any time you meet a new person, any new experience you have, p- it's, it's, it's informed by your previous experiences. So p- it's not like every time you have a new experience, you have a fresh paradigm and a new way to look at it. Uh-uh. That's not how it works at all. What you already believe to be true and what you already subjectively have in your reality will inform your new experiences, right? So let me give you an example here. So p- if, if you went jet-skiing for the first time, you might think it's fast and scary, right? But if we took an F1 driver, so a Formula 1 professional driver, like Lewis Hamilton, jet-skiing for the first time, he'd, he'd form a knowledge belief. He'd be like, "Oh, I know what it feels like to jet-ski." But then he would probably say that the jet-ski experience was slow, and he'd probably say that jet-skiing is boring. The reason he'd say this is because he's an F1 driver, so he's used to driving, you know, hundreds of miles an hour with his life on the line, being, you know, watched by millions of people worldwide. So p- to him, jet-skiing is not this thrilling, fast thing. To you it is, because, you know, all you've ever known is just driving around within the speed limit, you know, and, and just being, like, a normal person, so this is kinda, like, crazy to you. But as someone who's, like, has a high-octane adrenaline job, it's just like another day at... it's not even exciting, it's just like, "Oh, this is just normal," right? And so my point here is that depending on your point of reference and your past experiences and your past beliefs, it's incredibly likely that you observe something completely different to other people. And that, that also depends on your personality, your temperament, your conditioning, your psychology, all of these things, and we'll talk about in the next video as well. Because this F1 driver has had different experiences through in the past, he has different beliefs, different paradigm, and so his perspective of the jet-skiing experience is totally different to yours. In essence, it's almost, it's, it's almost like you've seen two entirely different things. Same thing applies to, you know, um, like for example, aha, here's an easy example. So my brother is 18 years old, um, and he, um, he obviously has me as this sort of entrepreneurial role model and he really wants to start his own business when he's, when he's finished, um, his A levels, which is college, so, you know, sort of sixth form, whatever, uh, end of high school, and he wants to start his own business Now, whether he does or not, I don't know, but it's up to him. But the cool thing is that his perspective and paradigm on business is significantly more developed than someone else, because he's seen me do it. So p- you know, he's seen me, even though this was, he was 10 years old when I started my businesses, he's seen me go from nothing to, you know, multi eight figures. And because of that, because he's seen me become a multimillionaire, he p- he sees things differently. So p- he actually believes it's possible, he just sees that it's really hard work, and like, you know, his perspective is he's quite, quite lucky in that fact, because he can see that it can be done. And so this is the difference between someone who, you know, has, like, a, an example in their life of someone who's done it. You know, same thing how, like, you know, if, if you grow up in a, um, in a household where your parents are overweight and fat, and you know, you're... then that's kind of what you know, and you'll... it's likely that you're gonna be overweight, you know, you're at sort of a health disadvantage. But if you grew up in a, in a household where your parents were really fit and healthy, then you're probably gonna end up being fit and healthy as well, because they're gonna lend you their paradigm and, you know, you're gonna perceive that as an option, right? Pretty important. So understand, every single belief you have in your life came from an initial experience. Beliefs don't just come out of nowhere and spawn in, right? They don't just magically appear in your life one day. They don't, right? Now, p- the only exception to this that I can find is the p- the subjective account of religious experience, where, you know, people, um, they can be going about their life and then they find God or, you know, Allah or Jesus or, you know, um, Ganesh, I don't, I don't know what people in, you know, the countries do, to be honest. But, you know, you get my point. Like, I, I'm not gonna get into the theological or religious debate, it can become a bit touchy, so, you know, the one place that this might not apply is with religion, perhaps not, maybe with, like, some other stuff as well. But mainly, for the most part, your experiences, they, they, they came from somewhere, and where they came from was an input of information from reality Okay? Once again, it can be sensory or it can be imaginary, but p- you had to... in order for you to have a belief, you, 99.99999999% of the time, there had to be an experience that created it. It's, it's just im- it's just there's no other way. And, you know, if you're wondering what creates experiences, p- well, it's your abso... it's, it's you, it's your consciousness. Like, you know, it's kinda like a, it's like a, it's like an open loop, like, you know, the r- the, the, the input of your consciousness is your consciousness, to a degree. Now, we're not gonna get into that, 'cause that's gonna take me, like, another five weeks to understand, but doesn't seem that important. Right. Every single new belief you form in your life will be based on and biased by your existing beliefs. So p- uh, what people don't understand is, like, changing your beliefs is, is, is tough, because you need to create new experiences, but p- when we talk about beliefs, a lot of people talk about b- limiting beliefs and how you have, like, beliefs that limit your capabilities and capacities to grow and ex- and, and, and expand. And what we, what we find quite often and quite commonly is that a lot of people have these things, these root, keystone beliefs that, you know, that really inform their paradigm significantly. And so let me give you an example, right? So person A, growing up..Fam- Your- Let's say you're Person A. Your family didn't have any money. Your parents weren't skilled enough to create financial success or, you know, maybe they were in the Soviet Union or something like that. (laughs) You know, there's all sorts of reasons, but usually it's a skill issue. And I mean that with, with love. And, um, let's say as a coping mechanism, your dad declared that money was evil, and that's why he doesn't have any. So, you know, growing up in your household, you were poor, and instead of your dad taking responsibility, he just coped and, you know, created some excuse saying that money was evil, right? And, you know, one day, at seven years old, you're with your dad and you see a rich man in a sports car. So at seven years old, you have no comprehension of money, you have no comprehension of buying power. You're just a seven-year-old, right? But at this point, your initial experience happens. Your dad declares the person in the sports car as the devil. And he says, "Son, no matter what anyone tells you, money is evil and it's bad. Anyone who has a lot should be ashamed of themselves." Now, you're seven, right? So you lack any critical thinking ability and you're powerless against this statement. So you solidify it as a judgment based on your belief, and you start identifying with it. And so you believe that money is evil. Of course you do. It's no different from me showing you this thing here and asking you what this is. You're just stating what you see. Same thing with this blue square here. You're just stating what you see. You're not... Like, you're seven years old, for God's sake, at this point. I mean, you know, depending on, on, on how old you are, right? But when you're an adult, it's a little bit inexcusable because, you know, you, you, you develop critical thinking abilities. But of course you think money's evil. You know, your, your, your... The main authority figure in your life has just told you something to be true. You're not gonna question it. You're not gonna say, "Hmm, Dad, I'd like you to get me... I'd like you to just break that down with a, with a bit of Socratic reasoning for me, please, Father. Why don't I ask you that at seven years old?" No, you're not gonna do that, right? So you, you, you basically develop a bias to money. You, you, you build this belief system. Your initial experience with money is that it's evil, okay? And what this means is you're gonna... You... This is how your life's gonna run out, you know, unless you change this. So we're gonna represent this as a bright red circle. And as you go through life, you're gonna have experiences related to money. So, you know, the universe, the world is gonna manifest to you, and things are gonna happen, and things are gonna happen to do with money, right? And so these experiences are simply manifestations of objective reality. They are things that just happen to you that are not within your control. Um, before you've observed them, they don't mean anything to you. They're just components of objective reality. So let's say, for example, that your friend buys a Ferrari, or let's say you win the lottery, or let's say your landlord increases the rent, or a bank collapses, a bank in America, or a rich person dies. These are all events that, uh, just, they just happen, right? They're just objective reality just forcing itself onto you. You know, they don't... Before you look at them, they don't mean anything. They're not good or bad. They're not up or down. They, they don't... They have no meaning. It's just, it is what it is, right? But the second that these things enter your conscious awareness, you do the following. So first of all, you form knowledge-based beliefs to understand that the events have happened. So if your friend buys a Ferrari, then, you know, when you see him in the Ferrari, then you say, "Oh, Frank bought a Ferrari," and that's a knowledge-based belief, right? No judgment, just knowledge. Now, then you judge the events for, to, to form judgment-based beliefs. So, you know, "Frank bought a Ferrari. What a dick," you know? And then you identify with the events, forming self-image beliefs. "So I don't like Frank anymore." So how this would look, is... W- what was just objective and just happened with no meaning, as soon as it's observed by you or the person, they, they observe it through their paradigm. So their paradigm is, you know, "Money is evil." It's a, it's a belief system, right? And so, you know, if their friend buys a Ferrari, then they might form an identity-based belief like, you know, "We're not friends anymore, because what you've done is out of alignment with what I believe to be true about the world. Or, you know, let's say that you win the lottery and you think money's evil. Well, you might genuinely believe that this is a horrible burden. You might think, "God, I'm, I'm now evil 'cause I've got all this money. I've gotta get rid of it." Or, you know, let's say your landlord increases your rent. You might form the identity-based belief of, "I hate my landlord." And, uh, and this is the thing, right, is the reason that you form the belief is, is, is because of your paradigm. So because you think money's evil, your, the, your perception of this event is biased accordingly. So same thing with winning the lottery. Like, you know, let's say that someone really thinks money is evil, and they think it's the root of all evil, and that, you know, it's the ultimate sin and terror. If that person wins the lottery, then that, that person will perceive the event of winning the lottery as a bad thing, because, you know, their paradigm sees it as bad, because their existing, you know, experience, their initial experience is bad, right? And this is what I mean, by the way, when I say confirming experience and denying experience. So, you know, all you're gonna seek to do is confirm this main experience here, this main belief system. And we'll talk more about that in the next video as well. And then let's say a bank collapses. So let's say there's another financial crisis and a bank collapses, and that, this person might think, "Yes, justice was done today. You know, this is a good thing, the bank's collapsed." Or let's say a rich person dies, like a, a billionaire CEO dies in a helicopter accident or a jet or something. And this person might think, "That's good riddance. You know, I'm glad another billionaire's gone," right? This is the thing, is, before this person observed these events, they were just objective events. There was nothing good or bad about them, but it was only by an observer with a bias looking at them that they became something and that they mean something, right So now let's give another example. Let's take person B, and let's say that person B experiences the same events, right? But this time, growing up... This is person B, right? Growing up, you're moderately wealthy. Your parents were successful, and you enjoyed the fruits of their laborOne day, you're nine years old and you overhear your mother and father discussing this thing that you've never heard before called money. I don't know if you'd have heard of this by nine, but whatever. Let's say that your mother bought a lottery ticket and won a little bit of money, and they're celebrating and they're really happy. And you think to yourself, "Money must be a great thing because my parents are happy about having more of it." And so in your mind, you're like, "Money is great. Money is amazing. I love money. Money is the best thing ever." And so when these objective experi- when these objective c- components of reality manifest in your life, if your friend buys a Ferrari, you'll be like, "What a legend," or if you're- if- if you win the lottery, you'll be like, "This is the best thing ever." And if your landlord increases your rent, you'll be like, "Dude, I get it. Game's the game. You gotta make your money." If your bank collapses, you might think, "God, this is terrible." Like that bank... I wish that... Not your bank, but if a bank collapses, you might think, "God, that's terrible," you know? And if a rich person dies, you might think, "What a shame that we've- we've- we've- we've lost a billionaire," right? The question is, who do you think is more likely to get rich? So p- th- it's really, really fascinating how this... I mean, the argument you could make is the person who thinks money's evil could probably not want to get rich in the first place, but the unconscious doesn't really work like that. We- we tend to want what we don't have, right? And so, you know, this- this is basically... This is how we see reality. You know? When something happens, you perceive it, and you form judgments about it, and you form identities about it. And those judgments and identities that you, that you formulate and that you articulate and that you state to, you know, indicate what you've observed are based on what you already have observed and what you already hold to be true. And so you're like this sort of bias machine, basically. And then what happens is, you know, all of these beliefs then go on to create more beliefs and more beliefs and more beliefs, and you kind of get this, you know, this exponential cascade of- of beliefs based on one thing that happened when you were seven. And this really is how it goes, man. It's like just one small... You probably won't... You- you won't be able to remember like, you know... We're gonna do this in later videos where we isolate your key limiting beliefs, and- and we're gonna talk about how to like find them and like root them out and fix them and stuff, and we're gonna- we're gonna do it, and it's gonna be amazing, and it's gonna change your life. But just know that all of your... Literally, it's this- it's this- it's this ladder here. Your reality, which is some of your actions, which is some of your decisions, which is some of your options, which is some of your thoughts, which is some of your paradigm, which is some of your ex- beliefs, which is the sum of your experiences. All... Every single belief had an initial experience, and what happened is that initial experience was confirmed repeatedly. And we're gonna talk more about confirmation as we move on to the next video. So my point is this, every belief that you hold near and dear to your heart can be traced back to an initial experience. It didn't just happen. It didn't appear out of nowhere. It can be traced back to a real-time conscious experience that you had probably when you were a lot younger And likewise, if you've ever changed a belief, it was because you experienced something new. And what you would have experienced is, um, a denying experience, and we'll talk about that. So that's basically this video (laughs). I know it's been a bit heavy, and I appreciate you bearing with me. It took me three months to make this, and it took me, um, so much suffering (laughs) to produce this thing. Like trying to think this stuff through, and bring it back to first principle, and- and define it in- in, uh, the simplest form possible has been honestly one of the hardest things that I've ever done. This is one of the hardest videos I've ever made. And, um, the next- the next few will be as well, I think, 'cause they're- they're all of a similar nature. But we talked about objective reality, how you observe it, what subjective reality is. We talked about your paradigm. We talked about the black flower analogy and how your paradigm can vary from other people. We talked about the reality ladder, the- how you experience experiences, and we kind of explained what experiences are and how they go on to form our belief systems and basically create our ultimate reality. And I hope that this video has given you some fresh perspective on how we see the world, and I'm pretty sure that I've hopefully brought you a little bit closer to being all-seeing and, um, omniscient. So I will look forward to seeing you in the next video. Thanks for watching