# 2.2. Subjugating Reality

(instrumental music plays) Hey, everyone. Charlie Morgan here, and welcome to Subjugating Reality. So in this video, we're going to be talking a lot more about belief systems and how these things actually work. Now, subjugating means to sort of bring something into your control, to subdue something. And when you, when you understand how belief systems work and how your paradigm forms and how to change them, and you know, how to believe the right thing and not believe the wrong thing, et cetera, et cetera, reality truly becomes, um, well, becomes subjugatable. You can completely put it under your will, and you really can design your dream life and design exactly what you want to get out of reality and go and get it. And so in this video, we're going to be talking about how to do that, and we're going to be talking about how beliefs work. Um, more specifically, how they sort of form. We're going to be talking about the right beliefs, the wrong beliefs, et cetera. So, let's get into it. So first of all, we're just going to, um, summarize what we learned in the last video, um, Achieving Omniscience. Then we're going to talk about belief conditioning, uh, belief structure, belief feedback loops, belief memory utility, reality cartography, macro and micro paradigms, and right and wrong. And so you've got quite a lot to cover in this video, and once again, I appreciate that this is a lot of information to take in. Um, you know, you're doing just fine so far. Just keep paying attention, stay locked in. You're going to have to watch these videos many times over to really comprehend what I'm saying. But for now, let's get into it and let's get started. So, welcome to Subjugating Reality. In this video, we'll be taking a mega deep dive into belief systems and how they work. We're going to build on what you've learned so far about paradigms, perspectives, and experience, and make things really clear. And this resource will explain how your brain works, the nature of right and wrong, and so much more. So, hold onto your hats. It's a big one. Okay? So let's just start by recapping Achieving Omniscience. Uh, if you haven't watched Achieving Omniscience yet, which is, you know, the first video in this training, then you need to go and do that now. Um, and the other thing as well is that if you haven't watched the, um, the week one videos, you know, genesis videos, the first, the first videos in, in this training, like the Delucidatory Axiom, Six Figure Fusion, Iterative Renaissance, et cetera, if you haven't watched those, then you need to go and watch them before you continue with this mindset module, because all of the information in this mindset module, and you know, with this reality conquering module, is subjected to and based on the stuff that you learn in week one, okay? Now, I'm going to help you summarize Achieving Omniscience. Just so you know, the summary will not suffice standalone. If this is the only, you know, information you have about the first video, then you know, you ... It, it's not gonna, it's not gonna change your life. You need the context of the entire video. So I'm assuming that you've watched the first video now, and I want to just quickly summarize what we've learned, because if you haven't properly understood and grasped the concepts of Achieving Omniscience, then you must go and watch it again. So if you're kind of ... if you've got some question marks in your mind right now, thinking like, "I don't really get it," like, "This doesn't make any sense," like, it, this really needs to be, like, locked into your brain. This really needs to make sense before we, um, continue on here, because things are going to get wackier. Things are going to get weirder. There's a lot of stuff for me to teach you, a lot of information for me to give you, and it will work and, you know, it really, really will change your life. But in order to trust it and believe it and understand it, you, you know, you need to, you need to really gauge the thing and, and really, really understand it. So, we're going to summarize this quickly. I know you've just learned this, but it's important. So, in a nutshell, reality is the sum of everything that exists, and it exists in two forms. So we have objective reality, which is the state of things as they actually exist, where there's no meaning and nothing really is anything. Then we have subjective reality, which is the state of things as a human believes they exist. And in order for us to experience subjective reality, we have to observe objective reality, and then we create meaning and judgment and all sorts of things in this process. Now, reality is made up of components, and components are broken into two categories. So a component is a piece of reality, and it can be intangible or tangible. So intangible are components that cannot be seen, touched, or physically sensed, and tangible are components that can be seen, touched, or physically sensed. And what happens is human beings observe reality, and we do this using two different things, our five senses or our imagination. So if we want to make an observation about the intangible or the tangible, if it's tangible, then we're going to use our five senses. If it's intangible, then we are going to use our imagination. And using these mechanisms, reality exists and can also be observed in three different dimensions of time. So, you know, we, we really have three different sort of dimensions to observe this across, and that is past reality, so what reality was, present reality, which is what reality is, and future reality, which is what reality could or will be. And we can make observations and judgments and, and give meaning and assign things to all three time, time periods and time dimensions here. Now, to observe past reality or future reality, so to observe what was or what could be or will be, you have to use your, you know, you have to use the present. You, you have ... You go through the present to observe these things. And, and this idea is really important, because it will become clearer as we continue through these videos why this idea is important and why you need to remember it. Okay? Now, as reality has two forms and three time frames, it exists in six dimensions. So we have tangible past reality, tangible present reality, and tangible future reality. And this was what was, what is, and what could be or will be physically. So, you know, like, an example is, what does Mark Zuckerberg look like? What did he look like, and what could he look like in the future? Then we have intangible past reality, intangible present reality, and intangible future reality. And this is what was, what is, and what will or could be abstractly. Okay? So, you know, what was the, you know, political state of, um, of Greece, you know, a couple of years ago? And what is it now, and what could it be in the future, right? Could Athens make a comeback? Unlikely. When someone observes one of the six dimensions using their senses or imagination, they create an experience. And all experiences is, are subjective. So, if you remember-Anytime that you observe anything in reality across one of these diff- different dimensions, you create an experience. So it doesn't matter if you, you know, have a dream about the future state of, you know, Montana (laughs), and it doesn't matter if, you know, you, you suddenly start remembering eating an ice cream when you were five years old, any observation creates an experience. And your experiences are subjective, which means they are subject to your perspective. Observations are made through a paradigm, and your paradigm consists of your worldview and your identity. So imagine before you want to observe reality, you have to put on glasses, and that, that, those glasses are essentially your paradigm, so every observation you make is through the glasses. And so if the glasses are warped and a bit weird and cursed, then everything you see will be warped and a bit weird and cursed. And the two lenses to these glasses are your worldview and your identity. And your worldview and your identity consists of beliefs, okay? I probably should put beliefs. And there are three types of belief. So really, your paradigm is, is basically the aggregate term to use to describe all of your belief systems, and really, they're categorized into these two things. But we have three different buckets of beliefs. So any belief you have falls into one of three categories. First of all is a knowledge belief, which is what you believe exists. And this is a part of your worldview, but really, this is basically like, what do you think is actually there? What is it that you think you've observed? Before, before judging anything or assigning meaning to anything, like, what do you think exists in the first place, okay? An example of, of a knowledge belief would be, you know, you thinking that you have, um, that your father is alive, you know, for example, right? Or you thinking that outside, there's a tree. Then we have judgment belief, which is what you believe about what you believe exists. And so this is where we take things that we observe and that we have knowledge that they exist, and we start assigning meaning and judgment to them. And so, you know, you might have the knowledge that your father is over there and he's alive, and then you might judge that, you know, he is six foot tall, for example. Or you might look outside and say, "There's a tree." And you know, that's knowledge, right? That's a, that's a piece of knowledge that you, that you have, and you might judge that tree as, "That tree is tall," or, "That tree is my favorite tree." You know, and you'll start, you'll start judging it. Now, if you said, "That tree is my favorite tree," then what you've formed is a self-image belief, because this is what you believe about yourself in relation to either your judgments or your knowledge. And so, you know, if, if I say, "That's a tree. Um, that tree is tall." You know, "That tree is my family tree." You know, that, that, "That's the tree that I used to spend time with, with my family," right? Eating picnics under that tree. Now it's become self-image. And so anytime that you use the words our, we, my, or I in relation to something in your observation or in your statements, it's a self-image belief. Now, typically, to form an identity around something and to form a self-image belief, you must first judge it, because it's very rare that we identify or misidenti- disidentify with things that we haven't first judged, because, you know, judgment is kind of the precursor to identity. But in order to judge something, you first must know it exists. So my point is that you can't form a self-image and you can't form judgments about things that you don't know exist. And so the first step to forming a belief is the awareness of the thing that you're forming beliefs about. And here's what your paradigm looks like. So we have the glasses that you wear, and you know, w- you don't realize that you're wearing these. Like, you're watching this video right now through your paradigm, but you just don't, don't realize it. You have these glasses on, you just can't feel the frames, right? And then, um, and then we have the paradigm, the worldview and the identity, and knowledge beliefs, judgment beliefs, and self-image beliefs, and these beliefs create these components which creates the paradigm. Now, beliefs form through experiences. So if you're wondering, where do your beliefs come from, well, they come from your experiences. And if you remember, an experience is basically the product of an observation. When you experience something, you create beliefs about that experience, and these are knowledge, judgment, and identity based beliefs. But sometimes you won't always create all three, so it's entirely possible to have an experience without judging or identifying with the thing. So an example of this could be, let's say that you're walking on a beach and you walk past a, a person, and that person is in your peripheral view. You don't really get a good look of them, but you don't really care, because you're focused on like, your child or your dog or something. And so, you know, you have knowledge that that person exists, but you didn't stop to judge them or identify them. So it's entirely possible to have experiences without any of this. Now, if you were to say, "Hmm, that person was, you know, six foot tall and a woman," well, now you've judged them, right? Because yeah, you kind of have. Now, everyone has a different paradigm. No two are the same and they vary. People have similar paradigms. So you know, another info marketer selling high ticket programs that makes eight figures will have a, a somewhat similar paradigm to me. But because nobody has the same experiences, no two paradigms are the same, okay? You can have similar perspectives and similar belief systems to people who are like you. So you know, for example, um, I used to work in the gym niche for my m- first business, which was a marketing agency. And in the gym niche, like, they were gym owners, and gym owners tended to think the same way and see the world in the same light. And especially gym owners that were making the same amount of money and, you know, had the same amount of staff, and they were very similar. But at the end of the day, like, that's just one component of their paradigm, which is business and running a gym. Now, your reality can be laddered down to the following, or by the following chain of logic. So your life is pretty much the product of your actions, and your actions are the product of your decisions.Your decisions are the product of your perceived options, because it's impossible to decide to do something if you don't perceive an option to do it. And your perceived options are a product of your thoughts, because you can't really perceive that you have an option to do something if you don't think about it, right? But then you ... Where do your thoughts come from? Like, where the hell do these things come from? Well, your thoughts really do come from your paradigm. Like, you know, the way that you see the world and the way that you think things are, kind of, uh, your, your thoughts, your thoughts come from, like, you know, just this weird ... I don't know where your thoughts come from, to be completely honest with you. But the idea is that all of your thoughts, when they, when they are created in your consciousness or unconsciousness or wherever the hell these, or the ether or whatever the hell, wherever the hell these things come from, they're, they're essentially biased through your paradigm. So, all your thoughts come out through your paradigm. I don't know if it's your paradigm that actually produces them, you know? But before, before they come to your conscious awareness, they're sort of filtered through this thing, which means, in essence, you know, your paradigm creates them. And your paradigm is the sum of your beliefs, and your beliefs are the sum of your experiences. And so, this is how, you know, we go from experiences all the way to life. Because w- when you really think about this, it kind of makes sense, because, you know, if someone said to you, like, "What is your life?" Well, you'd say, "Well, it's basically just a sum of all my experiences," because it is. You know? Like, this term called life, you know, you, you, you give it a timeframe based on how many years you've been alive, and then we, we can understand that really, all that your life is, is just, like, a collection of billions, and probably way more than that, of, of little snapshots, like frames just cut together, you know? And then either preserved by memory or imagined into the future. Now, your thoughts come from your paradigm in the same way that a star emits energy. So, you know, if you've got like a, you know, like a s- if you look at the sun, that sun is, is, it's gonna produce energy, and it's gonna send energy out in lots of directions, and that's kind of how your paradigm produces thoughts. Now, experiences shape your beliefs and take three forms. So, when it comes to experiences, we have three different types of experience. The first is an initial experience, and this is the first time we experience something. So, you know, when you, when you, when you come into contact with something, when you become aware of something and you've never come into contact with that thing before and you've never been aware of it before, then you have what we call an initial experience. And this is always novel and new. And so, like, for example, I bought a new pair of headphones the other day and, um, my first ever experience of those headphones was putting them on and listening to music through them. And, you know, it's, it's completely novel. Like, my, the, that, that, that experience of listening to music through those headphones for the first time is going to greatly influence my belief system about these headphones and, you know, whether they're good or not. And then you have your confirming experiences. So, you might not know it, but you've got a ton of belief systems, right? You really do. You know, they, they exist. You might just not know they're there yet. And this is basically an experience that confirms what you already believe. So, every time you have an experience that, in essence, you know, confirms a belief you already have, then you have a confirming experience. But on the flip side, we have denying experiences. So, this is an experience that denies what you already believe. So, sometimes, you know, you can have, like, a, um, an experience, and it can deny what you believe. So, let's say that my initial experience of these headphones was watching a YouTube video. And let's say that that YouTube video was incredibly positive, and therefore, I thought, you know, I judged that these headphones were going to be good, right? That's, that's my, that's my belief system of, you know, the, of intangible future reality. You know, these headphones will sound great. Well, it could be tangible, 'cause it's listening, right? But you get the point. So, I have this initial experience on YouTube of, "Oh, these head- headphones are gonna be great." And then let's say that I put them on, and let's say that they're not very great. Well, I've just had a denying experience, which, you know, denies the reality that I've created. Okay? Now, it's usually more common that we have confirming experiences than denying experiences because, well, humans, we have a pretty strong tendency to seek to confirm what we already believe to be true. Okay? But it is entirely possible to have a denying experience. So, like, you know, let's say for example that right now, um, you probably believe that, you know, um, the Burj Khalifa ... Or let, let's, let's do another example. Let's ... 'Cause right now, the deepest part of the ocean is the Mariana Trench. But what might happen ... You know, I don't know where the Mariana Trench is, to be honest, but I know that it exists. And what might happen tomorrow on the news is scientists might find a deeper part of the ocean that could be twice as deep as the Mariana Trench. And, you know, that would be a news article, and it would come into my sensory awareness, and I'd read it, and I'd understand it, and that would deny, you know, my, um, my belief system. And it would create a new initial experience. So, let's say that they found a new trench called, you know, the Charlie is a Geographical Idiot Trench. Then, then I've got a new first experience of that trench, and I've denied what I already believed to be true. Okay? Every single belief that you hold came from an initial experience, and was likely confirmed by confirming experiences. So, the way that your beliefs work and the way that these things are structured is pretty straightforward. Every single belief that you have, every single thing you believe to be true right now ... Like, trust me, you've got thousands, hundreds of thousands, maybe even millions of these things, right? Everything ... Probably millions. Everything you believe to be true, it came ... You ... It ... Every belief had a sort of c- like, a, a genesis, a beginning. And it all started with an initial experience. And then what happened is you started confirming these things. And so, the beliefs that you have that are really firm and that you're really sort of locked in on, well, these, these things have just been confirmed over and over again. And beliefs essentially bias you. Your perception of future experiences and events in your life are biased by your beliefs, and they form your paradigm, and we start seeing the world through the beliefs. And so, for example, what we can see here is if you think money is great, then what's going to happen is there are going to be events that happen in your life, like your friend buying a Ferrari, or you winning the lottery, or your landlord increasing the rent, or a bank collapsing, or a rich person dying. And if your belief is that money is great, then you're going to see all of these events through that lens, and your observations of these things will be subject to that belief. But on the flip side, if you believe that money is evil and everything's bad with money, then if these same things happen to you, then you're going to have completely different perspectives and you're going to form completely different beliefs about these things because of your bias. Okay? Now, your subjective reality is the sum of your experiences. And your life really is just your experiences. In the same way that a movie is a collection of a lot of frames and a novel is a collection of a lot of letters or words, your life is just a collection of a lot of experiences. Your reality is a very high frame rate mov- movie just playing one conscious experience after the other. And if you've ever seen these before, like these flip charts where you kind of take, like, something that's, that's in motion and you draw lots of different frames of that thing, and then you can sort of make it look like it's in motion? This is kind of your, your life. Okay? So, you go through your, you go through life with your consciousness. Consciousness is like a flashlight for the chaos of life. And you basically just ... You're taking these little constant screenshots and then your brain's kind of playing it back to you in a very high frame rate, high definition experience. And that's basically life. Okay? And every, all of these experiences, they're all stored up in your brain, and they've created your beliefs. ... beliefs. And now, every time you have another experience or a new one, then it's, it's biased to what you already believe to be true. And so, that's basically achieving amnesty and summarized, and I wanted to just sort of go back over that quickly at the beginning here, because it's going to come in handy. And, you know, you really need to know this stuff, because I'm going to tell you exactly how to change your beliefs and reprogram your brain so that you can ultimately fix your behavior, your actions, your decisions, and your paradigm, and really, we're going to completely change your life. And, and the key to doing that is by just changing your belief systems. Um, but what I've learned is that the, the deeper your understanding of beliefs and how they operate and how they work, the easier it is to change them. Because it's very hard to deal with something and change something if you don't understand the nature of it and if you don't understand everything you need to know about it. So bear with me, because, you know, there's going to be some overlap here. We're going to continue discussing this belief thing, and we're going to keep going until it's really just drilled into you. But in later videos, when we talk about changing your belief systems and basically reprogramming your ba- ... I, I mean this, like, you can ... In the same way that, you know, let's say that you've got a, a, um, a computer, right? And that computer is running a operating system at the moment, and let's say that you don't like the operating system. So what you do is you plug in a hard drive and you install a new operating system into your computer, which means that your computer runs all of the programs and everything in a completely different way that is way better p- for you. That's basically what I'm going to teach you how to do. Like, I'm going to show you how to completely, completely overhaul all of your belief systems, remove all of your limiting beliefs, and replace them with beliefs that just basically get you really far. But, you know, that, that sounds great and everything, but when you understand how beliefs work and, and everything about them, like, i- i- doing that is just 10 times easier, you know? It's kind of like imagine trying to, like, you know, mess around with your computer's operating system and the code and the HTML of everything if, if, if you didn't have any idea how it worked, right? You, you'd basically get lost. So, okay, let's start with belief conditioning. So p- ... When you're born, you are known as what psychologists would call a tabula rasa. And this is basically just a fancy Latin word that makes me sound smarter than I am. (laughs) And what it means is blank slate in Latin. And what this means is that, when you're born, you're born without being anything, okay? This is a really important idea, because at birth, when you spawn in, you don't have any preloaded beliefs, and you don't have a paradigm. Now, the only argument that people would make, which I could see as fair enough to make, is the idea of religion. So someone who really believes in God could say, "Yeah, when I was born, you know, I was already religious." And I'm not going to argue with the, with the religious argument, right? But, but for pretty much every single part of, component of your life and your identity, when you're born, you are born as nothing. You are a blank slate. You are a blank white c- ... Well, you might not be white, right? (laughs) I was going to say white canvas, but who knows how much trouble I'll get in for that. But you're a, you're a blank canvas, right? When you're born. There's, there's nothing to you, you know? You don't come out of the womb with, you know, a, a, a, a concept, like, a concept of Bitcoin and what you think Bitcoin is going to do. You don't, you don't ... You're not born, and then suddenly, you're like, "Oh, I really hated the Nazis." Like, all of these things that have been, that you believe have been conditioned. You didn't, you didn't have them when you were born, okay? Having said that, though, there are two things that influence how your paradigm forms, and there are two things that, you know, will, will, will bias the beliefs that you form. Okay? So you're not born with anything, but you are born with, with what we would call a bias. And these two things are, one, psychological loading, and two, genetic loading. So psychological loading, when you're born, you basically have, like, your, your kind of, your psychology is, is somewhat coded in a certain way, right? And you won't be conscious of this, not until a very long time when you do, like, the Myers-Briggs Personality Test and stuff, but, you know, you're born with a personality, and you're born with a temperament, you know? Like, you're born with certain personality traits. You're born with certain characteristics. Some things are going to come easier to you than others. Some things are going to come harder to you than others, right? And you have unconscious tendencies that will shape your paradigm. Now, p- ... these aren't as significant as you might think, because, you know, your personality and your temperament, it develops with you. Like, you know, it's not ... It is preloaded, and it kind of is built into you, and, you know, it gives assent to all of these different behaviors and perspectives. But, uh, y- you know, your, your personality is still, in large part, a comp- ... like, a, a product of your environment and o- of your conditioning and of the beliefs that you form. Now, genetic loading, so your genes and your genetics can also influence your psychology and therefore your paradigm. Like, for example, there is a gene called monoamine oxidase-A gene, or the MAOA gene. And I read about this a while ago, and this is known as the warrior gene. And what it does is it gives you a proclivity or bias towards aggression. So, p- ... You know, some kids are going to be running around the playground, like, basically trying to kill people. Well, not quite, you know, because they, they're innocent kids, but you know what I mean, right? You know, you get kids that can be, like, really aggressive. Well, someone who has the MAOA gene, although it's not very common at all, like, it is possible for you to have genes that, you know, give you a proclivity in, in certain directions and towards certain things. And, you know, those, those proclivities and those biases will naturally create, um, or bias the belief formations. Now, psychological and genetic loading are dominant, or are dormant factors, sorryWhich means, dormant means that they're kind of left there, unawakened, right? They're dormant factors that will bias the way your paradigm forms. They're quite strong, but they are not deterministic. So deterministic means that, you know, this is just how things are and nothing's ever going to change. You know, it's extremely rare, and honestly I would argue impossible, for psychological and genetic loading to hold you back. So, like, other examples, you know, like your IQ, you know, like, how, how intelligent you are. Maybe you're dyslexic, maybe you've got ADHD. You know, maybe you're born with sickle cell anemia, which would be, you know, that would suck. But, you know, these, these things, they can be obstacles to your success and they might make it harder, but it's not impossible. Like, they, i- it really isn't impossible. Like, people are born with, like, problems and then they basically use those problems as a, as a, as a sort of, they use them as like a shield to absolve themselves of the responsibility of their life. So, you know, someone who is dyslexic in school will just be like, instead of, like, you know, tanking it out and try, actually, you know, trying really hard and, you know, working, this person will just be like, "Oh, you know, I'm dyslexic, which means that I'm never gonna, I'm never gonna succeed." And so what a lot of people do is they use these things to give assent to the victim mentality, which is something we're also going to talk about in this mindset module, how to get rid of that. But it's not impossible because, like, you know, like I can give you an example, like Richard Branson, who's the founder of the, the, the big brand Virgin, he's like a multi-billionaire, like, he's dyslexic, right? But he's still written many books which is something that dyslexic people aren't supposed to do, right? And he's built a multi-billion dollar empire in spite of struggling to read emails and write and type. And his paradigm, and therefore his behavior, is certainly influenced by this, but, you know, but with these two exceptions, with the exception of your psychological and genetic loading, you are very much tabula rasa. Once again, that means blank slate, okay? So this is my point, like, people think, like, they're born with it. People think that, you know, like, if someone's like, if someone's like a, a star athlete and someone's like a ultimate, ultimate success in life, they think, "Oh, that person was just born with it," or, "That person was born with talent." Yeah, sure, if you look at a basketball player being, you know, six foot nine and, you know, athletically inclined might be (laughs) might be pretty beneficial, but for the most part, like, you know, it just comes down to conditioning and work, and there's no such thing as he's, she was just born with it. You know, people, people think this about, like, Mozart. People are like, "Mozart was, was playing these crazy symphonies at, like, the age of seven." But what people don't understand is that Mozart started practicing music at, like, the age of two. (laughs) Well, I don't know if it was quite that young, but there's stories about, you know, how he might have been, you know, creatively inclined, and I'm sure that he was with his psychology and his genes. But a lot of it is to do with conditioning, because imagine if Mozart didn't practice until he was, like, 15, he wouldn't have been this child prodigy, he just wouldn't, if he was, like, a peasant and didn't have access to all that stuff. Then again, he might have been a peasant. I actually have no idea about the history of Mozart, so I am going to swiftly move on, but you get my point. Now remember, the main things that form your beliefs and your paradigm are your experiences. In fact, the only things. And as you now know, experience takes three forms. So remember, we have our initial experiences, confirming experiences, and denying experiences, and for a belief to form, you need an initial experience to support it at the start. It is impossible for a belief to form if you do not have an experience. It is impo- like, they, they, they cannot oth- they cannot form. I- whether it's in your head, in your imagination, in your memory, you know, whether it's in your, in your immediate sensory experience or awareness, you can't form a belief without an experience Now, your initial experiences, um, don't have to happen early, right? So, you know, everyone thinks that everything happens in childhood, and to be honest, pretty much all of it does. But a lot of people form their beliefs in their early years and teen years, but a lot of your beliefs can form way later into adulthood. So, you know, take a belief system you have right now about, like, let's say that there's a, let's say a new politician comes onto the scene, you know, in, in, like, Canada or something, like, someone you've never heard of before. And, you know, that person is, like, let's say they're really right-wing or something. Well, you know, you're gonna have an experience of, of them on the news or on social media probably, maybe you see them live and they're talking, and, you know, now you're gonna form a belief. So it is possible to form new beliefs. (laughs) You do it all the time, like, literally all the time. Any time you experience a novel stimuli or something you've not seen before, you're gonna form new beliefs. And in, in, in the same way that, you know, right now if you believe something to be true and you have a significant denying experience, or, you know, a significant, um, a- a- enough significant denying experiences, then your belief will change, okay, because you'll think it's not true anymore. And it's totally possible to have new initial experiences when you're an adult and for your beliefs to be shifted accordingly, okay? It really is possible for this to happen. Now, the question is, is where do your initial experiences come from, right? Like, how are these things, uh, where do they, where do they come from? Well, you know that this is pretty obvious, right? Because these things, they come from reality and your observation of reality. But the other thing that we have to factor in here is environmental conditioning, because you really are a product of your environment. And I'm defining environment as everything you come into contact with, and there are two forms of environment, okay? So this is gonna get pretty interesting here. So..In order for you to come into contact with, with something, it has to be a part of your environment. And so your environment is basically, like how I would describe your environment right now is the sum of everything that you can come into contact with in the immediate here and now. So, you know, if you look around, everything that you can see right now, if we took all of that stuff together and put it into a word, that would be your environment. And your environment obviously changes. So, you know, if you, if you go home, then you're in your home environment. If you go to your kitchen, now you're in the kitchen environment. If you go to an Airbnb, you're in the Airbnb environment. You know, so these, these things, they change, but ultimately, like, you know, if you take everything that you can come into contact with, or ever will come into contact with, that is your environment. And your environment is a huge, huge, huge, huge component of how your paradigm forms, because in order for you to be able to comprehend something or think of it, it has to have come into your awareness, which means that it has to have been part of your env-, of, of, of your environment. And so, you know, if you're li-, if you're on your phone and you're scrolling through TikTok and something, you know, crops up, well, that thing is in your environment, and you now know it exists and you'll start to judge it. And so two forms of environment, so we have physical environment, which is the sum of everything you consciously come into contact with physically, so this is all naturally occurring phenomena that can be observed, so the people, the books you read, forest cities. This also includes your digital environment, which is the sum of everything you consciously come into contact with digitally, everything naturally occurring phenomena that can be observed through a screen. So if you watch a movie, it's part of your environment. If you watch a, a show, part of environment, content, et, et cetera. Then we also have, this is where it gets a little bit abstract, because you can understand physical environment pretty easily, but the other thing that we have is your imaginary environment. And so this is basically the sum of everything you consciously come into contact with in your mind, because, you know, right now you can shut your eyes, and you can do this, you can... Trust me, 'cause you can do it right now. You can shut your eyes and you can start to imagine a new environment, like you, you can just literally, like, picture something in your head that you haven't necessarily seen existing naturally before. You can create this ar- sort of an artificial experience. And, and this is, you're, you're still very much in an environment here, but not in the physical sense. And these are intangible things that can't be seen or touched or sensed, but it's still understandable, okay? And this is how we obviously comprehend the intangible, but, you know, if you, if you imagine, if you, like if you have a dream, you know, let's say you have a dream right now or tomorrow, tonight, right? And let's say that you have a dream that, you know, you are DJing for a crowd of, like, I don't know, like a million people. It's like, well, that didn't happen and that wasn't a naturally occurring phenomena or phenomenon, but you were still very much there and it still very much felt real at the time, which means that you were in that environment. And, you know, you're gonna form beliefs about that experience, although they might not be real, if that makes sense. Now, your imaginary environment exists in your mind. You don't physically exist there. However, you, you basically spend your entire life in your mind, and it certainly has a similar nature to your physical environment. A quick note is that your imaginary environment is completely informed by your physical environment. It's where you synthesize and comprehend your physical experiences. It's incredibly rare, and I would almost argue impossible, but I don't want to speak in absolutes, it's very rare to have an imaginary experience that isn't informed or inspired by your physical experiences. So, look, imagine that you've never ever physically or digitally interacted with the concept of democracy or money. So let's say that you've never, like, you know, in, in your, in your physical environment, you've never ever come in... The, the idea of democracy, the, the word democracy has never been mentioned and you live in a totalitarian, autho- autho- authoritarian, authoritarian, not the word, but you live in this sort of, you know, authoritative totalitarian society, which means that democracy has never existed for you, and you have no access to social media or books or any information that is the opposite. It's like, you know, if you haven't, if you've never seen it and you've never experienced it in your immediate environment physically or digitally, then it's like it doesn't exist at all to you, and therefore you wouldn't be able to imagine democracy or create an imaginary environment where democracy exists because you don't know it exists. Same thing with money. How can you imagine money or democracy if you've never experienced it using your senses? You simply can't. So in essence, it's pretty much very, very rare that you have an imaginary experience that hasn't been first experienced physically or digitally. Now, a primary example of this is the theory of natural selection, so, you know, the, the biological theory that we all know and love of, of natural selection and evolution. The only way that Charles Darwin could formulate this theory in his mind or in his imagination was because of his observations of the physical and natural world, which he then synthesized in his mind. And so the key word here is synthesis. So your imaginary environment and, and these, these sort of things that, that you come into contact with in your mind, these ideas, these thoughts, you know, these, these, these abstractions, they are the product, like they're, they're the synthesis if y- What you do is you take physical experiences and you synthesize them to sort of create these new things called imaginations, right? And the same thing goes for any scientific, technological, or philosoph- philosophical breakthrough. You can create beliefs using your mind, but only using information first received by your physical senses. And so in essence, what this means is that your imagination and your imaginary environment is fundamentally constrained and limited to your physical experiences, because you can't, if you can't, if you've never experienced something before first physically in, in, you know, in your immediate environment, you, you, you can't really synthesize it into anything and you can't use it in your imagination. And, you know, you want to look at it like this. So we've got this, this circle here, and yellow stars represent experiences that are sensed using your five senses. And so all of these little yellow stars here, and there's gonna be bloody hundreds of millions, billions of these depending on how old you are, right? You know, these are all experiences that you've had, and this is your immediate physical environment in this circle. But then what we have here is this sort of speech bubble, and inside of this speech bubble we have orange stars, and your orange, the orange stars represent experiences that are sensed using your imagination. So these are your dreams, your memories, your future projections. You know, if you close your eyes right now for me and, you know, imagine, um, imagine, like, dancing with a bathrobe on, and just after you've gone out the bath in your kitchen. Like, imagine that, you can probably picture it, right? That's, that's something, you've just created an experience. But if you, if you've never comprehended the idea of bathrobe or kitchen, well, suddenly you can't imagine those things because, you know, that's that. So what we've done with that experience is we synthesized together dancing, you and your body, bathrobe, and kitchen. But if you've never, if you've never seen dancing before, imagine asking someone, you know, in their mind to imagine, like, dancing if they've never ever, if they don't even know what the word means. You know, it's kind of like, this is pretty pre- prev- ... with language. So let's say someone doesn't speak English, and you go to them and say, "Imagine yourself dancing," well, because they have no comprehension of the word dancing, because it's never come into their, you know, awareness for, before, at least in English, then they won't be able to imagine it. And what we do is we synthesize digital, physical and digital experiences to create imaginary ones. So all of your imaginary experiences that form your beliefs are formed synthesizing these, these experiences first. So let's say that you have a dream, right? Let's get concrete here for a second, as concrete as we can in the abstract. So let's say that you have a dream, and a dream is obviously an imaginary experience. Now, some dreams that you have, like, they can really, you can really form belief systems about your dreams. Like, you know, it's, it, it really is possible, like, you know. If... Imagine, for example, that you have a nightmare about, like, a, a, a spider chasing you, you know, and, you know, it feels very real in the dream, and you wake up and you, you know, you're screaming and you're sweating and it's horrible. Well, what's gonna happen as a result of that dream is you're gonna wake up and say, "I hate spiders." (laughs) And it's a confirming experience that might confirm what you already believe to be true about your hatred for spiders, you know. Like, these, these things, they, they, it's impossible to have an experience without, without, you know, they, they always form belief systems. They really do, even if they're not real. Everything in your dream will be something that you've seen before. So this is an interesting idea with dreams and with imagination, is you can't dream of something unless you've already seen it. Now, the exception to this is you can synthesize things. So I could dream of, you know, I could dream of the Eiffel Tower stacked on top of the, you know, the Pyramids of Giza. But in order for me to... Like, that's not something I've ever seen before. I've never seen the Eiffel Tower on Giza, but the point is I've synthesized the two together. Like, you know, uh, you don't, like... You can have, you could have a dream about a building you've never seen before, but all you're doing is taking all the buildings you've ever seen and synthesizing them into this new thing. If you'd never seen, like, a, a, a skyscraper in your life, let's say that you lived in, you know, let's say that your entire life you've lived in rural Finland, in the north of Finland, and you've never seen a skyscraper in your entire life, ever, well, you're never gonna have a dream about any skyscrapers, because you've never seen them before, so you have no point of reference. So let's say, okay, let's give another example. Let's say that you dreamed of a flying elephant made of lava. You might say, "Well, Charlie, I've just dreamed of a flying elephant made of lava, and I can assure you that I've never seen, I've never... Like, a flying elephant made of lava has never b- come into my physical or digital environment." And that'd be a pretty fair thing to say. But what I would say is that to have that imaginary experience and the dream, at some point in your life, you'd need to have observed an elephant, the concept of flight, and lava. And so what your brain's done is it's synthesized these three things together. So it's not the, it's not the thing that you're observing that you have to have seen before, it's the components of the thing that have to have been observed that then gets synthesized into a new experience. And these sensory experience are being combined and synthesized to create a unique imaginary experience. And so the way this works is, let's say that you have an imaginary experience that is just completely whack, like, it's completely weird. You know, it could be a dream, a daydream, a thought, like, you know, maybe you, maybe you close your eyes right now and, you know, you imagine, like, a, a vampire, you know, that's, like, 100 feet tall and, you know, he's, like, eating, like, a, a cake or something. Like, it's, it's not real, it's never gonna happen, right? But basically what you're doing when you imagine something that, that you've never seen before is you're aggregating a bunch of physical experiences that happened in your immediate environment that you observed and you're putting them together to create this new thing. And so that's what imagination is, that's what creativity is, is it's basically, you know, synthesizing things that we already have and have already ex- experienced into something new. Now, let me give you another example. So if you don't believe this, then right now, what I want you to do is I want you to close your eyes and I want you to imagine a Dryo... I don't think I can pronounce this. A Dryocochelous Australis in the color gamboge with a large sciamella on its back. Just do me a favor and shut your eyes and imagine that for me. Okay? A Dryo-co- cochelous australis. It's gotta be gamboge, which is a color, and it's gotta have this thing called a large sciamella on its back. I... J- just picture that for me for a second here. Well, you can't. And the reason that you can't is because this thing, this thing, and this thing have never entered your immediate sensory awareness. Your imagination and your ability to create imaginary experiences is fundamentally constrained to the bank of physical experiences you've had. Now, you might try, you know, you could, you could come up with a, you know, what you think this thing is, and you could come up with the gamboge and the sciamella, but you would do this using, like, points of reference that you already have, and you wouldn't be right or accurate at all. So you could, you could say, like, this is like a dog with seven heads and it's got really small feet, and gamboge is like a cyan black and a sciamella is a horn, and you, you could, you can, you can by all means come up with these things and, you know, but, but what you're doing is you're basically just taking, like, physical experiences that you've had and projecting them onto this thing, right?... and so like a dog with seven heads with small feet. Well, in order for you to imagine that, you have to have first observed a dog, the idea of a head, some- the idea that something can have multiple heads and small feet. You know? It, th- th- these things, they, they get, it gets a bit weird, but you know my point. And you can't do this. You can't imagine this, at least not accurately. And some of you might. Some of you absolute nerds out there (laughs) might, might know what this stuff means. Um, but for, for the, for the sake of this exercise, you can't. And this is because these things have never entered your sensory awareness, and because you've never experienced them in your environment using your senses, you can't imagine them. And in case you're curious, this thing here, the Dryococelus australis is an insect. It's actually the rarest insect in the world. So if you knew what this thing was, then fair enough, right? The color gamboge is this sort of orangish color, and the cyamella is a bone in your knee. (laughs) So it's like, you know, now that you, now that you see these things, right, you could close your eyes and imagine this in orange with this knee bone or tendon sticking out of its back because you've now experienced them, and you can, you can synthesize them in this way. So, in essence, here's how this thing works. Your physical environment sends information inputs to your brain. So, all of the initial, like, inputs that you receive come from your physical environment, and this can be the screens. It can be, like, a digital environment. Like, you know, screens are kind of like a portal to another component of reality, so it can very much be that, or just anything else, like anything else in your environment. And then you basically have your imaginary environment, which sends information inputs to your brain and creates experiences, like when you dream, or when you think of something, or when you synthesize physical experiences together to create new imaginary ones. And then we have imaginary experiences, right? And imaginary experiences are abstract experiences synthesized from physical ones, okay? And your beliefs and your subjective reality are formed from these experiences. So the point I'm making here is that the way that you believe the world works and the way that you formulate your subjective experience and your, your, your subjective reality, which is basically just your reality, right? Well, you have these experiences in your physical environment, which come into your, come into contact with your awareness in your brain, and you then, you know, project your beliefs onto the world and form this. But what happens is in order for you to form imaginary experiences, you synthesize physical experiences, then you have imaginary experiences, and then you use these imaginary experiences to form beliefs about the way the world works, okay? So, the reason I'm explaining this to you, and I know it's a little, it's a little abstract, and it's a little confusing at times, is just to make you realize that your environment does play a huge role in the formation of your identity, and in the formation of your judgments, and therefore your paradigm, okay? So, let's talk about belief structure, and this is huge. What I'm about to explain is, is, is, is, is a hu- when I figured this one out a long time ago, this thing completely changed my life, and everything that I've taught you so far has been leading up to this idea. The big question is, how are beliefs structured? Like, like, yeah, we know, we know what they are now, and we know where they come from. You know, we, we know they're like statements of perceived truth. We know they come from initial experiences, and, you know, we know they're confirmed or denied. And, you know, we know that experiences create them, and, you know, you, you've got a pretty loose idea as to what a belief is right now. But the big question is like, how are they actually structured? Like, what's their, like, how can we visualize what a belief is? How can we actually truly understand it? Well, I'm gonna help you totally conceptualize a belief and how they really work. So here's a visual for you. So, if, if, if you need to, like, in order to understand how these things work, we need to be able to sort of see them, right? We need to have a visual, and so here's a visual. So, the way this works is, at the bottom, you have a component of reality, because in order for us to form a belief, we have to, we form them about components. So if there's no component, then there's no belief. So, you know, for example, like, if I just say to you right now, like, try and form a belief about nothing. You, you, you can't. You, y- you just, it's impossible, right? So, we always, every belief is based on the component, and what will happen is you'll have one component of reality, which could be anything from the curtains in your bedroom to, you know, Mussolini, the Italian dictator from the '40s. I think it was the '40s. But, you know, you have components of reality, and what happens is you form many beliefs about these components, right? And the way a belief looks is it acts as a scale. And so, you know how, like, you can, you can get like a, a, a scale where like, you know, you have the fulcrum, the, the sort of triangle in the middle, and then, you know, you have like these two scales. And you might, you know, you might have seen your mother or your grandmother or someone like weighing sugar or, you know, weight tips the scale. And on the left side of the scale, we have true, and on the right side of the scale we have false. And beliefs are basically broken down into these two things, and what we have on either side is we have intensity. And so, if the belief was weighted in the truth, which is, which meant that we, we believed the statement to be true, which is basically a belief, then the intensity of it depends on how much we believe it to be true.And this is really interesting because beliefs in, in their strength are not binary. They really aren't. So let's say that you took a religious man who believed in Jesus, and let's say that, you know, he would... Let's say this guy is the Pope, right? (laughs) Let's say that he is a bishop or the Pope, like one of the most religious people on the planet. Now if you said to him, "Do you think God is real?" he would say, "Yes, absolutely." He would have extreme conviction in that statement, right? You know, he- it would be, it would be off the ch- the intensity of that belief in terms of the truth would be completely off the charts. But then if you asked that, if you asked the same guy, "Do you like cheddar cheese?" he might say, "Yeah, it's, it's okay." It's, it's true. You know, the belief is true, but how intense is the truth, right? Because, you know, if you said to him, like, "Do you like cheddar cheese as much as you like God?" then he'd probably say, "No, I prefer God to cheese," right? (laughs) And I know that's a weird example, but just bear with me. This is a hard thing to explain, and it will become clear. So reality exists as components. So for example, components, sails, trees, family, beans, Ray-Ban, anything. Like, anything that you can, that you can observe is a component. And for every observable component, you have beliefs that sit on top of them. And you want to think of each belief as a scale, and the scale is measured by intensity of truth and falseness. Now one thing that's important to note is that your knowledge-based beliefs are very binary. So this means is that they're either true or false in a binary sense, meaning either 0% or 100%. Like, for example, if I look at a chair outside, I can see a chair outside, I am 100% certain that that chair is real and true. So, you know, look, look at your desk right now and pick something on your desk, right? Look at something on your desk or on your table, and just observe it. To you, like, you believe that that's real, right? So in your mind, you have a knowledge-based belief that that thing exists. There's no level of intensity. It's just real. So it's not, it's not like, it's not like I'm asking you to measure how much you love God or how much you like pizza. I'm just a- it's like, I'm just saying, "How real is that thing?" You're saying, "Dude, it's there. Like, it's real." So knowledge-based beliefs, like, the scale idea doesn't really apply to them because the intensity is 100% no matter what. Like, when a belief has 100% intensity, it means that it cannot be possibly challenged. Like, there's no doubt in your mind that that thing is real. And our knowledge is almost always doubtless. Because if I walk into a room right now, and you know, I see that there's a plant, that plant is there. Like, I'm 100% certain that that plant exists. But if you said to me, like, "Is that plant big?" then that's up for debate because I could say, "Yeah, it's kinda big. Like, it's true the plant is big to me, to my, s- subjectively to my experience, the plant is big, but is it really big? Like, how big is it, you know?" And I'd be like, "Well, it's, it's big, but it's not, it's not huge." You know? So it's kind of like this thing exists on a scale of intensity. And judgment and self-image based beliefs are a little trickier to gauge because the scales are stacked and weighed based on intensity, and they have strength. So, you know, some beliefs are stronger than others. Like, beliefs aren't just these, you know, these binary things that exist in the same way as everything. Because, you know, like, if you ask me, you know, "Do, do I love my mother?" that's a pretty strong, intense belief. Like, I'm like, "Yes, I do. It's true, and it's very true," right? The intensity is extreme. But then if you ask me, you know, like, "Do I like my sunglasses? Do I love my sunglasses?" Like, yeah, I love my sunglasses, but I don't love them as much as I love my mother. (laughs) So what you need to understand is that all of your beliefs, they, they're kind of, they, they exist in this sort of scale of contrast to each other where how true something is and how false something is and how strong your beliefs are depend on how strong your other beliefs are, okay? So there are beliefs, there are keystone, cornerstone beliefs that have ridiculous levels of intensity in your life. For example, like, I believe that I am a man, right? And that's my gender and my sex, right? And you know, that, that's something that is, is basically you, it- I- that belief is so strong and that there... that it is so, it's so intense and it's so, it's so true to me that it's near enough binary. It's near enough, like, 100% certainty that there's no doubt in my mind that I am a man, right? And that's how I formed my identity. And you know, it, it's important to know. And you will believe these things to either be true or false, but it depends on how true or how false. So you know, if you ask someone who had like a, you know, identity crisis, like, "Are you a man?" and if they didn't think that, then they might be like, "Yeah, I think so." But if they're not sure, then, you know, the belief doesn't have much strength to it. And this is important to understand because as you know by now, or you might start to gather, we act out our beliefs, and our actions and decisions come from our beliefs. And the stronger a belief is and the more intense the belief is, the more action we take in accordance with it and the more convicted we are in our actions and the stronger our decisions and the more likely we are to stick to them, okay? Now imagine that experiences are rocks. So in order for us to understand, like, 'cause you might be wondering now, like, well, well why is it that some beliefs are stronger than others? Like, you know, why, why, why does this happen? Why is it that some beliefs can be completely, totally true to us and fully, you know, fully intense, but some beliefs can just be a little bit true and, you know, not as true? Well, it's, you can look at it like this. Imagine experiences are rocks. And so, like, every time that you t- have an experience, whether either confirming or denying, what you do with that experience is you take it, and you stack the scale accordingly. So let me explain. So we know that confirming experiences are experiences that confirm what you believe to be true, and we know that denying experiences are experiences that deny what you believe to be true. So every experience you have is either an initial experience, a confirming experience, or a denying experience. And so what this means is that we have green rocks, and we have red rocks. And so when we have a belief about a component of reality, every experience we have is either going to, like, every experience we have in relation to this component or this belief is either going to confirm or deny the belief. And so let's say right now that you have a belief in your mind that you love pepperoni pizza, and you know, that- that's your identity based belief is I love pepperoni pizza. And you know, let's say that one day you order a pizza, and you start eating that pizza. ... consumption of that pizza becomes an experience. And let's say that it's a pepperoni pizza, but let's say it's horrible. Let's say that for some reason your taste buds just like, it's, it's crusty, and it's like kind of stale, and it's cheap, and it's nasty, and, you know, this is a denying experience. And so what's gonna happen is you- your experience has just been that, "I didn't really like that pepperoni pizza." And therefore, the belief system of "I love pepperoni pizza" has been challenged and slightly denied. (notifier pings) And so what happens is you're gonna take that negative experience, and you're gonna stack a rock. You're gonna take that rock, and you're gonna put it in the false bucket, which slightly tips the scale. Not by much because you've probably had a hundred pizzas before that are amazing, but that belief just became slightly less strong because of one bad pizza. So in the middle of the diagram is a fulcrum, and the fulcrum is, is the tr- is the triangle, right, the- the sort of body of the scale, and it represents a belief. And a belief will typically be represented as a perceived statement of truth. So, you know, you articulate your beliefs, and whenever you state something that you think is the truth, it's a belief. Attached to the belief is a lever that has two opposite baskets. The green basket is the confirmation basket, and this determines how true the observer believes the statement to be. And the red basket is the denial basket, and this confirms, or this determines how false the observer believes the statement to be. The perceived trueness or falseness of a belief depends on how the scales are stacked, and therefore, the strength of a belief depends on how the rocks are stacked. Beliefs exist in pairs. What this means is that if you believe something to be true, you believe the opposite statement to be false and vice versa, to the same degree and level of intensity. So if right now you stack the scales heavily for "I love pepperoni pizza" in the true faction, then what that means is you believe "I love pepperoni pizza" to be true. But what that also means is that you believe "I hate pepperoni pizza" to be false. And the falseness of the opposite statement is directly equal to the trueness of the other statement. So I'll give you an example in just a second here. Because a confirming experience for one belief is always a denying experience for the other pair, for the other half of the pair. And a denying experience for one belief is always a confirming experience for the other half of the pair too. So what you want to imagine is that beliefs exist as these scales, but every belief you have has an equal and opposite belief. And so whenever you have a confirming experience for one belief, you deny another. Because if you think something is true, and you believe something to be true, then you also believe that it's not false, if that makes sense. So, if I said to you, you know, um, if I said to you, "I am 6'2" tall," and that's what I believe to be true about myself, then if someone said to me, "Do you think you're 5'9"?" I would say, "No." (laughs) And so anything that is the opposite is immediately false if you think something's true. So this is, this is a diagram to sort of, you know, give you- give you an understanding here. So for example, let's take the component of money. Okay? So the component of money, we all know and love it. Maybe you hate it. I don't know. So the belief statement in question could be, "Money is really hard to make." So let's say that you believe that money is really hard to make. Now, and this is represented by this diagram here. Now, the reason, and let's say this is a strong belief, you know, we're in the 70th percentile of intensity here. The reason that you think that money is really hard to make is because you have had experiences in the past that confirm it. And so every time you have an experience that demonstrates to you that money is hard to make, like you see a homeless person, right, that confirms a belief, and every time you take a little rock and you stack it on that statement, you stack it on the truth scale. If someone believes this, if someone truly believes money is really hard to make, then they will not believe the opposite to be true. Because the opposite of money is really hard to make would be money is really easy to make, okay? Because beliefs exist in pairs. So if you believe that money is hard to make, then you do not believe that money is easy to make. If someone said to you, "Money is really easy to make," you'd say, "That's false," if you believe this. So my point here is that for every belief, there is an equal and opposite belief on the other side. And so if you had an experience that confirmed that money is really hard to make, and that was like a confirming experience, then you're denying the opposite belief as well. If someone thought money was hard to make, and you ask them if they thought it was easy to make, they'd say no. So beliefs exist in pairs, and what is true on one side of the pair is false on the other. Okay? Whatever, or sorry, true, it would be true on the other. So it's like, you know... Yeah, y- you get my point. So whatever you believe to be true is simply the sum of your experiences, and it's easy to visualize accordingly. Whenever you have an experience beyond the initial experience surrounding the belief, you stack a rock on either side of the scale. And what this means is that experiences either confirm or deny what you already believe to be true. So, we can observe here that the component of reality in question is money, and we have a belief pair. So if you form a belief that money is really hard to make, then...... by default, you also form the belief that money is really easy to make, but you form that as false. Does that make sense? 'Cause this needs to be changed if that's not true. It's false. So, another example. Let's say that, you know, uh, I say t- let's take, let's, let's, let's stay on this component of business, right? And let's say that, you know, you believe that the- this program is good, right? And, you know, I'd, I'd hope that you, you feel that way. And so let's say that you have a belief system that, you know, the, the Imperium Academy is good. Well, if someone came along to you and said, "Is the Imperium, is Imperium Academy bad?" you would say, "No," because you th- you think it's good (laughs), right? And so by thinking it's good, you also think that the idea that it's bad is false. And so p- every experience you have confirms your belief, but it also denies the exact opposite. So all you need to understand about this, and the simple, simplest way to gauge this, is every belief you has, have, has an opposite and equal. And whenever you confirm what you believe to be true, you deny what you do not believe to be true. Because if I say to you, you know, like, you know, we, i- if I say to you, for example, "The USA moon landing was a hoax," and I think that we didn't land on the moon, which, by the way, I don't, um, then, you know, if, if someone, if I, if, if someone asked me, like, you know, I, "Do you think we landed on the moon?" I'd say, "No." But then if, if someone said to me, like, the opposite, then I'd be like, "It's false," if that makes sense. And I know this is quite, this is, this is very (laughs), trust me, it's hard to explain this stuff. And I know it's a bit mind-bending to sort of gauge, and I'm trying my best here, right? But I think you get the point. Any confirming experience immediately denies the opposite. And any denying experience immediately confirms the opposite. And so, you know, if I had an experience that, if, if, if I thought money is really easy to make, and, you know, I had lots of experiences that denied that statement, well, now I'd believe this to be false. And what that would mean is that to the, to the exact degree that I believe this to be false, I would also believe this to be true. So every belief has an opposite, and if you believe something to be true or false, then the opposite will be represented on the parallel. And this is how your beliefs form, okay? They are stacked and weighed as either true or false and in pairs. Something important to note as well is that not all experiences are weighed the same. Some rocks are heavier than others and can significantly tip the scales. The weight of an experience depends on how much emotion it produces. So, p- for example, certain experiences carry way more emotional weight, and a single experience that is extremely emotional can tip the scales. So it's easy if I just give you an example here. So if I pull up this, um, this Miro board here, right? So what we've got here is we've got an example of, um, of football. So, right? So what we're going to do is we're going to take the, the component of reality of football. And for those of you who are American, I'm referring to soccer, okay? Now, let's say that the belief statement in question is, "I'm great at football." Now, if you believed that you were great at football, so let's just do this, let's say that we tick the scale here, and let's say that, you know, this, this scale is really biased. So you believe you're great at football. What this means is, the belief statement of, "I'm terrible at football," is going to be false. Okay? Because if you believe you're great, then, well, if someone, if you, if you asked yourself, are you terrible? You'd say, "No, that's a very false statement." Right? And, you know, vice versa, the exact same thing would be true in the opposite. So if you thought, "Mm, I'm pretty terrible at football," and that's quite true, you know, and I'm really bad at football, then what's going to happen is, if someone asks you if you're great at football, you'd be like, "No, that's pretty false." Right? And so basically, you know, let's say that you've gone through life, and let's say that you've played football as a kid. And, you know, let's say that, we'll take the "I'm great at football" example here, okay? So, every game that you lose as a kid is a negative experience, right? So we'll zoom in here. So let's say that you've lost a bunch of games in your time, and, you know, these are all little, you know, negative experiences, right? But let's say that the amount of games that you've won as a kid, you know, are far greater. You know, all these, let's say that you've won way more than you've lost, right? Well, that, what that would mean is that you've had way more positive experiences around this statement than you have negative ones. And so therefore, the weight of the positive rocks far outweighs the negative rocks, which basically means, in essence, that, you know, this thing would be true. But then what, what's really interesting that happens is not all of these rocks weigh the same amount. And so let me just delete these so I can give you this example. So, not all rocks are sort of weigh- not all experiences are, are weighted equally. Because, you know, let's say that, you know, you're, you're 13 year- 13 years old, and your football team, your school's football team, or soccer team, let's say that it's playing in the finals, the regional finals. So you're already pretty good 'cause you're on the team, and, you know, people have confirmed this for you, but, you know, whatever. And let's say that, you know, it's, it's, it's, it- we've gone to extra time, so, you know, we've gone past the 90 minutes, and it's, it's one all, and it's, you know, we need one goal to win.And let's say that, you know, someone passes you the ball, and you're running towards th- the goal. And you know, you're, you're, you're at mid, you're at the mid, mid, mid, mid, you're at the mid-part of the, of the football field, in the middle. And you know, there's there's two minutes. There's, let's say that there's five seconds left on the clock, and everyone's watching. So there's tens of thousands of people at this, this school stadium. You know, all the parents, all the girls, all of your friends, every... And you've got the ball, and there's two seconds to go. And just as, just as the time's about to run out, you kick the football as hard as you can, and it curves around, and you expertly place the ball in the back of the net, and you score the game-winning goal in the last second of the game. And therefore, you get a trophy. That is an experience, and that experience is gonna carry a lot of emotional weight. And so what that would mean is that the experience, this rock, is huge. (laughs) Like, you know? So what's gonna happen is you're gonna have that experience, and that is gonna cause the scales to just go absolutely ballistic. Like, you know, this, this thing's gonna have you down here, okay? And you know, so the point I'm making here is that winning a game of football is a positive experience that will confirm the belief that you are great at football. But scoring the game-winning match in front of 10,000 people at the age of 13, that's, that's like a, that's worth like 20 wins. You know? And this, this is pretty interesting as well, because the, you, you can use this, this example in relationships. So, you know, let's say that there's a girl, and let's say that this girl really hates men. She's like, "I really hate men. I don't want to date men. They're the worst thing ever. I hate them." That's that, that would be a belief statement, and the component would be men. And the opposite of that would be, "I love men." And you know, if a woman hates men, and that's very true, then the opposite is going to be true as well. Which would be, you know, the idea of like, "I love men," would be very false, right? But let's say that this woman, let's say she hasn't had much experience with men. She, maybe she's only ever had one boyfriend. But let's say that that boyfriend treated her really terribly, and like it was, it was horrible, and there was, let's say there was one thing that he did that was terrible, really bad, right? Well, what's gonna happen, you know, if, if this statement is, "I hate men," you know, it might have been the case that just one really bad thing happened to her from a man, and that was all it took to tip this scale, you know, and bring it down here. So the, the point I'm making here is, you don't need to have loads of little experiences to tip these scales. Sometimes you can just have one. And so you can probably think of someone that you, that you know that you don't like. And the chances are, is the reason you don't like them, yeah they might have done lots of little things that piss you off and annoy you, but there might just be one big thing, one big experience that charged you up emotionally and annoyed you enough to f- solidify that statement. And sometimes you only need one experience. Like, you know, let's say for example that you, um, you have the... Like, this, this is, this is the thing, is these, these beliefs, these, these scales can change. So, you know, let's say that, you know, you have this belief, "I'm good at..." Or let's say you have this belief, "I love driving." Okay? And let's say that, you know, you've, you've, this is true. And you know, you, you say, "I love driving. Driving's my favorite thing in the world." Like, you know, "I really love my car. I love driving." And let's say, you know, you've been driving for a few years now, and you've had lots of positive experiences with driving, like it's been very exciting. You've, you've watched other YouTube videos on driving, and you know, you've got a ton of positive experiences on this thing, and it's part of your identity, that, "I am a driver. I love driving." But then, let's say, and hopefully this doesn't happen to you, one day you're driving and you crash your car. And in your car you have your entire family. And let's say that, tragically, everyone passes away and you're the only person left living. Well, that is a big negative experience. You might have, you might have never had any negative... Maybe you've had a couple of negative experiences with driving before. You know, may- maybe like someone's had road rage or something, but, you know, they're so small in comparison to all the positive ones, that you're still so heavily weighed. But what can happen is the weight of all of these little positive experiences, bang, big car crash, lots of people dead, now you're in prison for manslaughter, and your whole, everyone hates you, and it's like, it's the worst, it's the worst experience you've ever had ever. Well, what can happen real quick is, just through one experience, is this scale can completely tip in the opposite direction. Right? And now, this whole "I love driving" thing is false. And the opposite, which is, "I hate driving," you know, would suddenly become very true to the same level of intensity that this is false. And so the point I'm making here is that experiences form your beliefs. I'm just gonna get rid of these little things here and, and we'll recalibrate this. So experiences form your beliefs, but some experiences, they carry a lot more weight. And you know, like for example, like right now you might think that money is really hard to make. And then what might happen is, you know, you might try anyway, and then maybe you get your first client, and your first client pays you $10,000 up front. Well, suddenly, that, that, that's a pretty damn, that's a pretty damn emotionally charged experience. So one experience can completely turn the tables and outweigh all the previous experiences, and your beliefs are totally, totally subject to change. They really can change. You know, right now, let's say, you know, oh, like, you know, "I love the color of my curtains in my bedroom." And then you have a girl around. Not that you're ever gonna have a girl in your bedroom, you filthy swine, but you get my point. You have a girl around, and that girl, she walks into your bedroom and she says, "Those are the most disgusting curtains ever. You have the worst taste in curtains. You are the devil himself, and, and I hate those curtains." Well, that's an experience. And suddenly you might be like, "Yeah, I actually do kind of hate those curtains." So you know, probably should stop talking about the idea of you having a girl observe the curtains in your bedroom, 'cause let's face it, you know, you're a make-money-online degenerate. That's never gonna happen. (laughs) I'm just messing with you. But you get my point. Okay? You get my point. Jokes aside, maybe you're not even a guy, and it doesn't even matter. But either way, this is how beliefs form and experiences happen. And what happens is, is once your beliefs are formed, and you know, these things are ever-changing and your beliefs are incredibly dynamic. And you know, one day you can believe this, next day you can believe this, and then this. And this thing can just go round and round and round. And some beliefs are more stable than others, but they are entirely subject to just, you know, flip and switch. And remember, whatever flips and switches on this side, so the, the degree to which it changes on this side, it will also be represented on the other side as well. Because what you believe to be true is what you do not believe to be false. And what that means is if you love driving, it means that you don't... You know, if you said, "I hate driving," well that would be... Uh, if you loved driving, and this was like, "I really love driving, you know, it's amazing," then, you know, you would als- automatically say, like, uh, "The idea that I hate driving is false." Okay? So remember, your decisions and your actions come from your belief systems. And what this means is you act out your belief systems. Like, this is a really, really, really, really, really, really, really important thing to understand, like, the most important thing, is it's all good and well just knowing how your belief systems work, but the whole reason that I'm making this mindset module is to change your behavior and to change your actions. Because the only way that I'm going to make you successful is if you do things that make you successful, but the only way that you're going to do things that make you successful is if you believe that doing them is worthwhile and you believe that you can actually do them. So, you know, I have to get you to do sales calls. And right now, you might be thinking, "I'm terrible at sales," or like, "I'm going to suck at sales calls," or, "Sales is really hard." Like, you know, "Salespeople are terrible." You're going to have all these weird beliefs about sales when you've never done a sales call in your life, but for some reason, you've got all these beliefs about them and you think you know what they are, and you think you know what you are in relation to them purely because of some movies you've watched or because of some news articles or, uh, people that have told you stuff. Like, you- you've got these convictions, and you've got these biases, and you've got these beliefs about the way the world works and the way things are, when in reality you don't really know anything. Like, you know, like let's say that you, let's say that I, I say to you, "Right, you're going to have to do sales calls." And immediately you say, "Nope. Nope, I'm an introvert. I'm not selling. I can't sell. Uh, you know, sales isn't in my blood. No, I'm not doing it." Y- it's like, it's like, well, we need to fix that (laughs) because you have to do them. And, you know, your goal sets the conditions for the behavior that is necessary for the achievement of the goal. And, you know, if- if you've got all these weird belief systems about sales and appointment booking and making money and becoming successful and, like, you know, if- if I tell you that you've got to set- you've got to make cold calls or you've got to send cold emails and you're like, "Nope, you know, I- a cold email doesn't work. No, I'm- I'm not doing cold calls. Cold calling is not me. Um, I'm, you know, I'm- I'm not a cold caller, that's- that's not my thing." Like, that's just bullshit. That's just some, like, belief that you form because of your experiences. It's- it's not real. Uh, well, it is real, but what I mean by... is it's not this deterministic, final thing that is just- has to be permanent forever. You can completely change it. 'Cause if I- if you- if you think that right now, like, "No, I'm- I'm not making cold calls. Cold calling is not my style, it's not my thing. You know, everyone that cold calls is a scammer. It's not happening, I'm not doing it." Like, these are- these are beliefs that you might have, right? And if you believe those things to be true, then you're going to act them out, which means that you're not going to make cold calls. And if making cold calls is imperative and necessary to the achievement of your goal and the fulfillment of your success, then you have to make cold calls. It doesn't matter what you believe to be true at the moment. If those beliefs are out of alignment with what you need to believe to be successful, then they've got to go. And this is what, this is... You need to understand this. You need to get, and I need you to... This is going to be a sobering idea. Either... You can either have your current belief systems or you can have your goal. You cannot have both. Everything that you believe to be true about how money works and about how success works and about how business works, all of those beliefs have got you to this point. You- you know, where you are right now, like, is- is the sum of your beliefs. Like, w- if you're broke and you're poor and you're not successful and you're bitter and you're miserable and you really want to succeed, well, I'm sorry to break it to you, man, but that's because of what you believe to be true about the world, because there's no other way it works. All of your actions and decisions have come from these bloody things, so why are you defending them? (laughs) You know, they are the reason that you're miserable. "Oh, I'm not- I'm not doing sales calls, I'm... The business won't work." Like, why have you got so much conviction, and why are you so emotionally attached to these things? 'Cause they- they limit you and they hold you back. I know why you, why you're attached to them, because it's all you've got. If you don't have your belief systems, then life is chaotic and stressful, and they- they- they make you feel a little bit safe. But trust me, we gotta get them, we gotta get rid of them. Because right now, you're acting them out, so we need to challenge them. So, belief feedback loops. So basically, we know that beliefs exist on a sort of scale of intensity, and we know that they are either strong or weak, and we know that they are strong or weak depending on how true or false we think they are. And an interesting thing that- that- that happens is beliefs, they- they- they form feedback loops. And so the reason that some of your beliefs are way stronger than others and the reason that some of them are so intense is because of feedback loops. So when you believe something to be true, you will automatically seek to confirm it. And this is a feedback loop, and this is called confirmation bias, and it is an extremely powerful force. So if you believe, right now, in your mind, if you believe, "I am bad at sales," and I put you on a sales call, then what's going to happen is you're going to act out that belief, which means that you will unconsciously, intentionally sabotage the sales call just to prove that you were right. That's how this works. That's why we've got to fix these things. If you believe that cold email doesn't work and that no one's going to respond to your cold emails and it's impossible to get appointments through cold email, then if I get you to do cold email...... you're going to sabotage it to prove it doesn't work. You, y- you, you must understand, you act out your beliefs. Even if it seems counterintuitive, and even if you think, "No, there's no way. There's no way that, you know, I'd sabotage my sales calls. There's no way that I'd sabotage my cold email." I'm sorry, mate, but if you believe it to be true, you will act it out, even if it seems counterproductive or counterintuitive to you getting what you want. You know? It's, it's like, it's- it's the same thing with, like, homeless people, right? It's tragic and it breaks my heart, but some homeless people, they, in their mind, their belief system, they believe that they deserve to be homeless. They believe that, right? And so even if you put them in a house and you, you gave them shelter and food and water, they would reject it because they deserve, they believe, to be homeless. Now, that's not every homeless person, I'm sure. I've never been homeless, so I can't exactly comment. But I'm sure that that's, that's the case w- with quite a few of them, right? Same thing. If you believe that you are an alcoholic, then you're going to drink (laughs) e- even if you don't want to. So, you know, this is the interesting thing about all these identities and all these beliefs, like, you know, if you believe you're bad at sales, it's like, well, well, why? Why do you believe you're bad at sales? Well, maybe when you were 14 you tried to sell a Pokemon card to someone and they said no, and that person said, "Ha ha, my dad said you're terrible at sales." And then you've just, you've just ... That was the initial experience, and then you've just thought to confirm it. And then th- and then that's it. Now you just believe... Th- these things, they're not bloody real. I mean, they are real, but they're not anything except from you just telling yourself that they are. Thing, like, your beliefs are only real because you believe they are real. Th- there's nothing else to it than that. There, there's, there's no other m- measurement. You know, it's like, if you're, if you're, if you're, if you're like ... Let's say that you're overweight and you, you're like, "Oh, I can't lose weight. Like, it's impossible for me to lose weight no matter how hard I try." Bollocks. Bullshit. That's not the objective truth, because p- thermodynamics exists, and if you put yourself in enough of a calorie deficit, you will lose weight by the laws of physics and nature. Sure, it might be slightly harder for you to lose weight than other people, but it's not ... You can't go around saying stuff like, "It's impossible for me to lose weight," because that would mean that you're quite literally, through your existence, breaking the laws of physics (laughs) and thermodynamics. Not possible. So, all of these things that you believe to be true, you only believe them because you tell yourself you believe them, and then you act them out, and then your life is the way it is because you believe them. But then you become attached to them and you defend them to the, to the death, even though they don't serve you and they hold you back and sometimes even kill you. That's all, all it is. All these belief things are, are just these little stories that you've told yourself, nothing else. That's it. That's all it is. And a positive feedback loop, or also known as amplification, happens when a cause creates an effect which feeds back into the cause, which creates an exponential effect over time. So, you might remember this from week one where we talked about this with, with these feedback loops, where, you know, we have a cause and the cause creates an effect, and what happens is the effects feeds back into the cause and, um, you know, we get this sort of feedback loop. So, more cause means more effect, which means more cause, which means more effect. So, you know, if you say, like, if your belief is, "I cannot lose weight no matter what," then what's gonna happen is that's gonna create your behavior, which is like kind of the effect, which is you just eating more and not bothering to go to the gym, which then means that you confirm your belief (laughs) that you, you're never gonna lose weight. And it just cycles and cycles and cycles, and before you know it, you, you die of a heart disease. Another example is if you're in an audience and someone starts clapping. So, let's say that you're in an audience and the show finishes and someone starts clapping. Well, if one person claps then another person's gonna clap, which means another person's gonna clap, and another, and it just goes, it goes round and round and round and round. And then eventually one person stops clapping, and then another person stops clapping next to them, and then another person stops clapping, and then it goes round and round and round and round until no one's clapping anymore. And, you know, if you work out, then you're gonna eat cleaner because you don't wanna waste your workout, and if you eat cleaner, then you're gonna work out more. Because if you're eating clean, you wanna put the calories and the, the protein to good use. Which means that by working out, you eat cleaner, but when you eat clean, you work out more, and then round and round and round and round. And positive feedback loops create exponential results like this. So, you know, it goes up and then down, and, and it amplifies and it's, at the beginning it, it won't be much and much and much, but then bang. And, and this is how your beliefs are gonna form. So, you know, if I need to help you believe that making money online is easy, or that sales is easy, or that you can get clients or that you can get results, it, the- these are pretty hard beliefs to form, you know? That it's not, it's not, this isn't gonna happen, like, immediately overnight. What's gonna happen is, you know, the belief is gonna form a little bit, a little bit, a little bit, a little bit, and then out of nowhere it's gonna go bang and you're gonna solidify your identity as an entrepreneur. But it can take quite a while for that to sort of ramp up and for you to really believe it. It really can. In the same way that, you know, if you wanna break down a really intense belief, it can, it can just go voosh, suddenly just voosh, and then it takes a while for the new one to come in. And the feedback loop for beliefs, both for knowledge and judgment, occurs like this, right? Um, this is, this is for, um, this is for self-image, sorry. So, when, when it comes to your beliefs, remember we have three types of belief. So, we've got self-image, we've got judgment, we've got knowledge.And, you know, when it comes to your knowledge and what you know, like, feedback loops don't really exist because, you know, if you think about it, like, the knowledge that the chair exists outside, it's like I'm not gonna actively seek to confirm that that is true. I'm just ... It's just there. But when it comes to your identity and when it comes to your judgments, feedback loops are incredibly prevalent. So let me give you an example, or a, a diagram here, rather. So a human has an experience, and because of that experience, a belief forms. And the human will now act out the belief. And what happens when we act out the belief is our actions create new experiences, and those new experiences will confirm the existing belief, and the cycle repeats. And so, you know, you have an experience. So let's say, for example, that your experience is that, you know, um ... Let's say the experience that m- is, is that you are really... Okay, I can give you an example with, with my personal life. So I believe that I am a bad artist. (laughs) So if I try to draw something, it's always gonna come out terribly. Anything I draw either looks like a banana or a potato or a disfigured human. And so that's my belief about myself, and I know where that belief came from because I, I tracked it down. I had an experience. When I was younger, um, my sister was incredibly good at art. So she's a, in- incredibly talented artist. I always say my sister got all the artistic genes, right? So maybe I've been genetically or, you know, psychologically loaded to be bad at art or something. I don't know. But when I was a kid in school, um, I was always ... Like, my sister was always way better at art than me, and therefore, it created this contrast where my teacher would always say to me, like, "Don't worry, Charlie." Like, you know, "Art isn't really your thing." And I remember it. I remember it very well. I had a teacher. I won't, I won't say her name for obvious reasons. And, um, I remember I drew something, and I thought it was really good, and, and she told me it wasn't. (laughs) She was like, "That's not really good at all." Like, "Look at your sisters. Like, your sister's so much better than you," and, and I've just formed this belief. And so what happened is I had an initial experience that I was bad at art because an authority figure told me that I was, and therefore I formed a belief that I was bad at art. And what that meant is that I now believed about myself that I was bad at art, so every time I came to draw something or do art, I would make it bad. And, and this is the thing is you might think, "Well, why would you do that?" But if I fundamentally believe that I'm bad at art and you put a piece of paper in front of me, the thing that I draw is going to be bad. How could I ... Like, how am I gonna produce an incredible piece of art on a canvas or something if I fundamentally believe I'm gonna mess it up? Because if I believe I'm gonna mess it up, I will because I will ... Like, you, you act out your belief. Like, I can't stress this enough. What you believe to be true is ... Like, the second that someone tells me to draw something, I've already decided that it's gonna be bad. Not consciously necessarily, but these things aren't always conscious. But when you do things, like, if you do something and it sucks, like, it's probably because you believed it was gonna suck. Now, there's an argument here, like, if you're doing something for the first time and, and it sucks and, you know, but, but can you ... But do you believe you can get better and stuff? But, you know, if I believe I'm bad at art, and I draw something and it's bad because I believe it's bad, then what's gonna happen is I'm gonna create a new experience that I'm bad at art, and it's gonna feed back and just voosh, voosh, voosh, voosh, voosh. And before you know it, you get to 26, which is where I am. You know, my initial experience with art happened when I was, like, probably four years old, five years old? And, you know, if you apply 20 years of conf- confirmation to that, I, I am bad at art. And if I wanted to, if I wanted to put my energy into this, 'cause I know how to do this, what I could do is I could re- I could seek to deny that experience, and I could become a brilliant artist. Like, I truly believe that. If I wanted to, I could get rid of that belief and, like, you know, go and start taking some classes and, you know, reaffirming that I'm good at it and start being good, and then I could b- convince myself that I'm good at artwork. But the thing is with this is you need to pick your battles because you, you, you, you can't change loads of beliefs at the same time. So, you know, my ... The last, you know, 10 years of my life, I've been focused on my beliefs around my business and success and making money. Whether or not I can draw is of little to no concern of me. If my immediate goal and, you know, my, my vision and my mission in life suddenly meant that I had to become an incredible artist, then I would just become an incredible artist. And I know that that mi- that that might sound like a narcissistic, crazy thing to say, but all art is, is it's just knowing where to put lines. (laughs) Like, really, a first principle, that's all it really is, is just, you know, knowing where to place certain colors, right? And I could probably get quite good at that if I actually thought that it was worth doing. And so my point here is what's gonna happen is you, you have this goal and you have this objective, and with this goal and this objective, the, the goal will set the conditions for what you need to be good at and what you need to believe. And all the other beliefs that you have aren't ... Th- you don't really need to worry about them. So p- whether or not I believe that that chair outside is, is good or bad is completely irrelevant to my goal, and so I'm not gonna actively try to change my belief about the chair, because I could be using my energy to change my belief about the way money works or the way hiring works or anything like that. And so this is how people have become set in their ways or adamant or convinced of things. So p- you know when you meet, like, an old man, some dude in his, like, 60s or 70s? And, like, some people who are older, they, they are just so incredibly set in their ways. And that's because the, the more time that elapses with this stuff going unchecked, the, the, the further the confirmation gets. So, like, you know, um, for example, my father, I love him to bits, I love him so much, but my dad has formed an identity, for example, um, around, like, money. And, you know, he worked in the financial advising space, and he was a really talented, um, sort of corporate financial advisor, and he's done very well for himself and very successful career, and I love him to bits. But my dad has a belief that, like, risk is bad. And not, not completely, like, he's not, he's not completely, like, um, you know, completely, like, risk fr- like, um, he won't, like, you know, take risk completely. But if I said to my dad, like, "Hey, Dad, like, you know, g- l- why don't you put, like, 100 grand in Bitcoin (laughs) or, like, in some crypto risk thing?" it would never happen. Like, even if, even if there was a, a, an empirical piece of evidence that showed that it was the right decision to make, it wouldn't, it wouldn't never, ever happen because, you know ... This is the same thing with people and, like, politics, right? So let's say that you take a 70-year-old woman and she's been, um ... Let's say that she's been a Democrat her entire life, and she's always ... You know, since she was 20 years old, for the last 50 years, she's gone to the polls and she's voted for Democrats. And, you know, her ... all of her social media and her news, everything's been confirmed the Democrat Party are, like, the, the gods and that, that you would never vote against them. Even if there was a, a compelling objective evidence that the Democrats shouldn't be voted for, she would never, ever vote otherwise. And this is why old people, they become incredibly ... Well, not even just old people, but people in general. The more time that elapses for ... when it- after a belief has- ... is formed, the, the more solidified it becomes. And, you know, the, the, the earlier you can catch this stuff... I was very lucky because I started doing this at, like, 17. And so, you know, I was still kind of, like, a child (clears throat) in, in some sense when I started correcting my beliefs. And because of that, you know, I, I, I had an easier time sort of undoing things. And this isn't to say that you can't fix things. Like, if you're, if you're, like, 50 years old, 60 years old, 70 years old, 40 years old, like, you can very much change your beliefs. Like, you, you very much can. It's just gonna be... It's just gonna take a little bit longer, and it's gonna be a little trickier than if you were, like, 20. Because, you know, if you're 40 and you believe that money is hard to make, it's... You've got, you know... Let's say that you take a 20-year-old who believes that making money online is impossible, and you take a 40-year-old who believe that... who believes that making money online is possible. Well, that 40-year-old, let's say they formed that belief when they were 20, which means that they have 20 years of conditioning (laughs), you know, to, to unravel. But let's say the 20-year-old, they formed it when they were 17, which means they only have three years of conditioning to unravel. And so- Gotcha. ... it's, it's possible for anyone to change their beliefs at any time, but you just need to understand that the longer you've had the belief, the harder it is to sort of unravel. Never impossible, it's just gonna take a little bit longer. So every time this feedback loop repeats, a new rock is stacked on the belief scale, making it stronger and firmer and harder to undo. So coming back to this demo here. So, you know, if you have an experience that, you know, confirms, you know, that the belief is true, then it tips it a little bit. And then by, by tipping it a little bit, you're now gonna confirm it again, and tip it again, and again, and again, and again, and again. And before you know it, you know, this, this thing is just completely, you know, polarized, like, as far as you could possibly imagine on the intensity scale. Okay? Yeah. And it just gets harder and harder to undo. Completely possible to undo it, no, no matter what age you are. If you believe that beliefs c- beliefs can be undone, then, then it can. And the key thing here is to remember that experiences do not have to be physical to count. So this is huge, because most of your confirming and most of this feedback happens in the mind. And so coming back to the example of the kid playing football. So he scores the game-winning goal, you know, and, you know, he's, he's... it's, it's amazing, he celebrated, everyone loves him. That kid, that's a core memory, right? 'Cause it's very emotionally charged. And so every time that that kid goes back in his mind and remembers that, um, that experience, he's reconfirming that it happened and he's reconfirmed that he's good at football. And so most of your confirming and most of your denying is done in the mind. Because, you know, when you remember something, you're, you're, you're sort of reliving that experience, but it's very much real. Because if I ask you right now, you know, I bet you can think of a time where you've had a dream, or a, a daydream, or a thought. Like, you know, imagine this is... This is a pretty hard thing to imagine, right? And I don't wanna put you under any emotional distress here, but just to drill this point home, imagine right now that, you know, your... And th- this is becoming a dark theme of this video, but imagine right now that your entire family is, is just passed away. Like all of them, and all of your friends and all of your family are, are just, are, are gone. You're never gonna see them again. So everyone that you know, love, like, and, and everyone that likes you, just gone. And just imagine what that would feel like. And you, you'll probably... I- even me, just, like, doing it now, like, I just... That makes me feel kind of sad, right? And so what this means is that's not real, it's an imaginary experience, but you just created an experience. And what that experience did, is it, in some way, shape, or form, contributed to some of your belief systems. Because, you know, if you, if you... Like, a belief that you probably have is, "I would be sad if my family died." (laughs) You know, it's like... So now if you imagine your family dying and it makes you feel sad, you've just confirmed that that is true. And so, you, you know, you create imaginative experiences using your memory or imagination, and they contribute to your beliefs, and most of your confirmation is done in your mind. So p-... I can give you an example here, because, you know, I have a self-image-based belief, personally, and that self-image-based belief is that I'm good at sales, right? So all my life, from a very young age, I have had this, this thought and this belief in my head, this, this statement of... articulated statement of perceived truth that I am good with people, that I am confident, that I am articulate, and that I f- I'm, I'm good at sales and I find it easy to persuade people and convince people to do things. That's just a belief that I have about myself. And, you know, I, I remember, this might not be the initial experience, but it, it's the earliest one that I can remember, because I've really tried to track this stuff back. So I'll give you the example of how this happened, because, you know, this belief that I'm good at sales, it hasn't just come out of nowhere. It, it, it... This, this belief, it hasn't, it hasn't just s- randomly been programmed into me. I wasn't just born good at sales. I didn't, I didn't come out of the womb with, you know, a stripe link trying to get the doctor to buy something. So for example, there was one instance when I was a child (clears throat) and I remember this, I remember it well. It took me a while to, to remember it, but I remember it. And what happened is, um, the postman came to the door and needed some help finding an address. And I was like six, right? So this is like a, a pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty weird experience for a kid to have to, you know, be dealing with like an adult experience and giving directions and stuff and whatever. And I handled the situation well. And my mother was, was also at the door and, um...She noticed, and she encouraged my social skills. So I have this vivid memory of my mum, um, sort of leaning down and saying, "Do you know what, Charlie? That was, that was really, really good. You've got such a good way with words. You've got such a good way with people. You know, you're, you're so confident. I'm so proud of you." And that's quite an endearing thing to hear from your mother as you're six years old because your mother's approval was basically everything to you, right? And so, you know, what happened is I was like, "Yeah, thanks, Mum. Like, I am pretty good with people, aren't I?" And so that was, like, the initial experience. Now, some people aren't this lucky. Some people have parents that discourage and project their tyranny and insecurity onto them. That doesn't mean that you can't be good at sales because p- it's entirely possible for you to rewire your mind and beliefs, you know, using your own words and your own imaginations. But I got pretty lucky in this regard, that my mum spotted that. She was there, and she told me I was good at, at, at social skills. And the funny thing is about this, is p- uh, m- the chances are, and perhaps what happened, is I might have completely botched that interaction with the postman. Like, I could have been nervous and terrified, and I could have completely ruined it. I don't know. The only thing I remember is my mum telling me I was good. So p- maybe, for all I know, it was, it was bad, and I could have been like... 'Cause a lot of people would be like, you know, "Well, how does that make sense? Because if the initial experience is that your mum said you were good, then you must have already been good, which meant you already believed you were good." But, you know, I, I don't know. I, I can't really wrap my head around that one, right? But this is my point, you know. You, you, you have to start with a bias somewhere. And, um, and so p- this experience was an initial experience, and it registered on a very strong emotional level. And throughout my childhood, I'd repeat my mother's words and the experience in my mind. And so, you know, every time someone would come to the door, I'm, you know, I've got this identity, you know, built up now that I'm good with people. And, you know, I'm good with, with helping people, and I'm good with talking to people. And, you know, every time I had an interaction with a stranger or someone, I would approach that interaction through the lens of my identity and my world view, which is that I am good with people, okay? And, you know, it wasn't the case necessarily that I had loads of experiences in, in my physical environment where I was good with people. It was just that I had a couple of experiences, and I just repeated those over and over again and felt them, you know, really intensely. And before I knew it, you know, I'd formed this identity and this belief. And as I stepped into adulthood and became, like, a teenager, I would continuously repeat this in my mind, and I'd act it out too. And, you know, when talking to other people, I'd receive more of the same feedback and experiences. And so p- you know, I remember when I was, um, a teenager in school and stuff, like, if I'd go to like a, if I was like, you know, 13, 14, and I'd go to, like, a sleepover with a friend, and, you know, I, I remember, like, afterwards, like after s- after these sleepovers, my mum would come pick me up. And, um, you know, the, the, the, the, the person's mum who I was, whose house I was at, would always say like, "He was such a lovely boy. He's so kind. He's so good with words. He's so polite. He's so lovely." Like, you know, "He's a proper credit to you." And I'd be there, like, sort of like, "Yeah, come on then. This is, I know this is exactly who I am." Like, you know, I'd be (laughs) seeking to confirm it. And then, you know, other, other experiences I had when I was a teenager, like in school and stuff, I had a pretty rough time at the start of school, but, you know, that was, that was neither here nor there. But like, you know, I remember like, um, I would get, like, picked in school and stuff to do like, um, to like, you know, show people round the school and like, you know, help new students out and stuff because, uh, people thought I was, like, really good with people and that the teachers were like, "Yeah." You know, like, you know, "I trust you to like, you know, do a good job here." And I, I just, I have all these memories and all these experiences of me just being able to p- handle people well and being socially competent. And, you know, it, the only reason that I had those experiences and that, that I sought those experiences out, was because when I was a, when I was a y- really young kid, I started to believe it. And, you know, it wer- it wasn't necessarily the case that I was born with incredible social skills. It was more the fact that my social skills developed because I thought that they were there, you know? And th- and this, this went even further, and it went even deeper because p- you know, what started happening is, you know, due to exponentially accelerating confidence, I, when I started taking sales calls for my business, I was able to speak with conviction and be charming, friendly and articulate. And so p- you know, when I picked up sales at the beginning, it, it came very naturally to me. Like, don't get me wrong, I wasn't very good at sales, like the, the technical side of sales, and p- you know, the, the, the, the sort of objection handling. Like, I wasn't good at sales at the beginning, but I had that sort of, you know, gift of the gab, articulate ability that everyone told me I had. So when I picked up th- the phone and I made these sales calls, I wasn't anxious to talk to strangers. I wasn't like, you know, afraid or terrified or anything because, you know, I'd just, I was just like, "Oh, it's just talking to people, and I'm good at that, so, you know, I must be good at sales." And, you know, the mix of physical and imaginary experiences compounded over time, um, this, this, this, this happened, right? And I started to make money. So what would happen is, you know, I'd take these sales calls, and over time, I, I started to sell, and I'd make money. And, you know, th- th- this basically created more experiences that further solidified this identity belief. And so p- you know, this is the thing, is my entire objective and job, like, my entire objective with this program is just to get you one client. And I- don't get me wrong, I want to get you to six figures, multi six figures. You're gonna move on to easy grow, et cetera, and become really successful. And I think you can do that, and I think you will do that if you pay attention. But if I can get you just one client, that, that is ... And it's, it's sta- like, that first client, the experience is so positive and so overwhelmingly emotional that, you know-... just getting that first client is enough to just tip your belief, and you'll never give up, and you'll never quit. Just, just try, just like throughout your training and throughout this, this program, just try just one client. If you can get one, then, you know, it will, it will completely, you know, completely shift your identity and your judgments. And you'll just, bang, like, you're just gonna, you're gonna have this massive compound effect. We just need one client to make that happen, but, you know, that's kinda how it goes. And what happens is, you know, these new experiences that I was having, um, you know, the, these, these sorts of things that consistently happened, would bias me even more. And, you know, I started stacking the scales even more. So with sales, like, I started making money. And every time I closed a client, it was like I stacked a new scale on the rock. Like, I, I started b- believing I was better and better at sales. And the more I believed I was better at sales, the more deals I closed, which meant the more rocks that I stacked. Which meant that the more deals I closed, which meant the more rocks that I stacked. And so, you know, this scale of, "I'm good at sales," just started getting heavier and heavier and heavier. And every time it got heavier, I was able... it was easier to stack rocks onto it. And so now, you know, fast-forward eight, nine years since the start of my entrepreneurial career, like, I believe that I'm incredible at sales. Like, I truly believe that I am an absolute killer. Like, it's a true, true, true part of my identity. And the only r- and, and it was never the case, like, (laughs) you know, when I started selling, selling, I was not very good. I was like, "Oh, I suck at sales." But then over time, like, I started believing that I could be good, and then I got into it. And this amplified my behavior, which made me more money, and looped back around again and again. And this also works in a negative way as well. So, all the firm negative... 'Cause this is the thing, is people... Don't... Make no mistake, and, and do not be under the illusion of thinking that this is just about the positive stuff. Mm-mm. The problem comes when, when you start confirming and feed- feeding back on negative belief systems. Because all the firm negative beliefs you have, the ones that feel set in stone, are simply the result of experiences and belief and action feedback loops. So, all these negative limiting beliefs you got, they're not anything. Your limiting beliefs are just statements that you've cooked up in your head and that you've confirmed over and over again to form an identity. Understand, the only reason I'm good at sales is because I think I am. And the only reason I think I am is because C- I thought I could be, and so I started behaving it out and acting it out. They are not these... Beliefs are not these weir- like, these... They're not this concrete thing. If you believe right now that you, you're never gonna make it, then you're never gonna make it. And the only reason you're never gonna make it is because you believe you won't. It's that simple. So, the question is, is, why does this happen, and why do we let ourselves form beliefs that limit us and hold us back? So, one thing that we need to go through is belief memory utility, um, because, like, we need to know why this happens, and we need to know why we f- f- why, why do we f- why we f- let ourselves form these beliefs and stuff. Like, what is the, like, what is the evolutionary biological reason behind the formation of beliefs? Because there is one, right? And, you know, it's... Whilst, whilst beliefs can work in our favor, they can also work against us, but th- there's a reason they form from an evolutionary perspective, because they are actually quite advantageous to our survival. And I'll explain why. So, c- b- biologically speaking, your brain craves efficiency, 'kay?Your, your brain, as, as an organ, wants t- i- is designed by evolution to be as efficient as humanly possible. 'Cause the brain is a very expensive organ to run. It consumes, like, you know, sometimes, I think nearly, like, a quarter of your calories, a quarter of your energy is consumed by your brain. And your brain, it wants to consume as little energy as possible. The reason that, that we, that the brain craves efficiency and that the, our brain is designed to be as small as possible, whilst giving us as much, you know, advantage as possible, is because c- a more efficient brain requires less size, 'kay? So, think about it, like, the more efficient something is, the less mass there needs to be to have it run, you know? And this means that a smaller... we can have a smaller skull. So, the whole reason that we want a smaller brain is to have a smaller skull, because from an evolutionary standpoint, a smaller skull means childbirth is easier. Because, you know, if we hap- if we had huge brains, then we're gonna have huge skulls, and that means that, you know, the, the, um, uh, the female reproductive system needs to be as wide as possible, and it just... Th- that, that just, that ain't gonna work, you know? It's just, uh, that's not, not a possibility. And so, because of this, our brains are far from perfect, and we mentally cut corners for the sake of time and efficiency. So, you know, we wanna have efficient brains so they can be smaller so that, you know, childbirth is easier, and, you know, the, the maternal mortality rate during childbirth isn't, um, isn't significantly high. And you might be wondering, "W- Charlie, what the hell? How does that have anything to do with belief systems?" It's a fair question, right? But your beliefs serve the purpose of neural efficiency. A belief is an incredibly efficient mechanism that your brain can use p- to save energy and, you know, preserve operating power. So, let me explain. So, here's the thing, it is basically impossible for you to remember and keep track of all of your experiences. You know, you simply do not have the bandwidth for it, you know? Like, try and remember, you know, what you did on, you know, what you did fi- five and a half weeks ago at 6:00 PM. You might have some idea if you've got a routine, right? You might have been in the gym or whatever, but, you know, you probably can't remember that much, right? But the thing is, is it's really important that you do remember your experiences to some degree, because your experiences, they basically inform you of how the world works. So, if you forgot about all of your experiences, then you'd forget how the world works, which means you'd be in a bit of a precarious situation. So, you know, th- the, uh, th- your, your experiences, they give you a clue as to how to survive and behave. So, we're talking from an evolutionary standpoint here, right? Because, you know, the, the reason that you have experiences (laughs) and the reason that you wanna remember them, and the reason that you wanna try and, like, keep, keep them in mind, is because, you know, th- the reason you're alive right now is because you've behaved in a way that c- created your experiences. And so what your brain wants to do is it wants to repeat your behavior to recreate the experiences because it knows that you're safe. Because c- your brain will always, always, always prioritize your biological safety and survival. So, your brain's main function and your brain's main concern is your immediate survival. And think about this, right? Right now, you are alive, 'kay? You might not be happy, but p- what this means to your brain is that you must be doing something right. Even if you're unhappy, you're alive, and your dr- your genes and your chemistry care more about that than anything. By just being alive, you are communicating to your brain and your body that your current mode of operation, which means your behavior and your decisions, is good, and that you are fundamentally safe. So, you understand, your, your brain's top priority is your immediate survival and your, you know, the sustenance of your biology. And that's the first thing your brain cares about. It, it doesn't care about whether your behavior and your decisions make you poor. It doesn't care about if they make you fat. It doesn't care if they make you miserable or anxious. Its fundamental bias... ... is towards survival in the here and now, in the present moment. And so what we can do here is you can look at this diagram, and you can imagine that all of the blue squares in this diagram are experiences, okay? We'll highlight this in orange. So all of the blue squares in this diagram are experiences, and all of your experiences, they tell you the world works in a certain way. So when you have an experience, it's kind of like, "Oh, this is the way the world works." So for example, let's say you're a caveman and, you know, you're a caveman in Paleolithic times and you're living in a cave, and, you know, you w- you observe your tribe. And every time someone eats an orange berry, they die. And let's say that you've experienced this many times, right? So, you know, you're in the cave and, you know, someone eats an orange berry, and then, like, two minutes later, they're, like, convulsing on the floor and they've died. And then a week later, someone else does it, and the same thing happens, and you've seen that a few times. So you've experienced this orange berry death many times. And the yellow box here represents the belief that contains that experience. So your, your beliefs are kind of like boxes that contain all of your experiences inside of them. It's like a way, it's like a storage mechanism for experiences, and that's exactly what a belief is, is it's basically just a storage mechanism. It's the same thing like, you know, if you've got loads of rubbish in your bedroom, and you've got loads of, like, junk lying around, well, what you might do is you might... Instead of having to, like, look at this junk and deal with this junk all the time, you might just buy boxes and then organize it and put it in the boxes. And now it's, like, neat and tidy and it doesn't require any energy for you to deal with or look at. It's the same thing with experiences. So instead of remembering every little individual experience, what happens is you bundle them all up into what we call a belief, which is just a few words, which is, "Orange berries are poisonous," and this is much easier and much more efficient. It's a much easier and much more efficient way to store information. So, you know, beliefs, they, they are like, they, they... I- they just basically store things. It's like a st- it's like a storage mechanism for all your experiences. Instead of remembering, like, you know, the dozen times that someone ate a berry and died, your brain basically forgets the experiences and replaces it with a statement. And so p- as soon as the statement is solidified, the brain can let go of the experiences because it's kind of been locked in. And so, you know, instead of having to, like, recall that people have died from eating orange berries, you just now say that orange berries are poisonous, and that kind of solidifies. And so p- instead of having to, like, remember, like, 10 different occasions of someone dying, your brain only has to remember a few words. And so what that means is all this storage capacity that it was using for, to remember the experiences has now been massively cut down and replaced by something that doesn't require any capacity at all. And this is a much easier and more efficient way to store information. And once this belief is solidified, and once you've solidified a belief, your brain can basically let go of all the experiences since they've served their purpose of basic survival. And for the rest of your days, you will not eat orange berries. And this is obviously a behavior that you sort of act out, right? And so, you know, this is a really fascinating thing to consider because, like, you, you, you don't, like, you've got these belief systems, right? About the way the world works. But you don't, you can't really... You might be able to remember a couple of experiences that informed them, but you, you know, if you've got a really strong belief, by God, you can't remember all the experiences. Impossible. 'Cause there's gonna be thousands of them, tens of thousands, hundreds, right? So p- what h- what happens is, is we just, we just put it into a statement instead. And by doing that, like, your brain can just, like, it doesn't have to remember all these experiences anymore. And so what that means is that your brain becomes way more efficient, and it means that it, it's, it's in the same way that, like, you know, if you wanted a computer hard drive that was capable of storing a million terabytes, it would be huge, right? (laughs) 'Cause, you know, the only way that you're gonna store that much stuff is by having, like, a larger hard drive. So p- it's, it's kind of the same thing. It's like if you, if, if you wanted to remember and be able to accurately recall and depict every single experience you've ever had, then your brain would have to be massive. 'Cause just to, just in the same way that to store loads of computer files, you'd need a massive, like, hard drive. Like, you know, if you look at, like, Facebook and their servers, and the servers that store all of their information, like, Facebook has- have to buy, like, huge, huge acres of, like, desert, like, you know, massive, massive expanses of land just to store data. And it's kind of like the more data there is and the more information there is to store, the bigger the storage mechanism needs to be. And so instead of, instead of having, like, a massive brain and basically having a huge skull and making childbirth therefore physically impossible, you know, which would just inhibit our species, we cut corners, and we take all of those, you know, these, these information files, which are experiences, and we zip them up into these nice little neat things called beliefs, and then we forget about the experiences, and we're left with the belief, and then we kind of forget why we had the belief. (laughs) And, and the dangerous thing here is that your beliefs aren't necessarily always going to be right. Because, you know, right now, maybe you believe that making money is hard or you believe that sales is hard or you believe that you're not gonna make it, and, you know, you, you don't know why you believe these things, but that's because all the experiences that inform them have faded away because your brain couldn't be bothered to store them. Because if it did, then, uh, your brain does not have the capacity to store all of the, all of the experiences. So you forget them, and then the only thing that you're left over with is the, is the belief. That's it. And you can, you know... Don't get me wrong. You can go back in your memory and take... Remember a few experiences, and you, you can recollect a few of them. Like, you know, they're not like, it's not like they're completely deleted forever, but the, i- i- it's like a, it's like a shell of, of what you could, could have remembered.And then, you might be saying, like, "Oh, but Charlie, what about a photographic memory?" And, I mean, yeah, sure, maybe there's an exception to this, I don't know. But I'm assuming that you're not a 5 million IQ photographic memory idiosyncrasy. You're probably just a normal person, right? And you might remember this graph from earlier videos, right? So if you remember, like, the- the- the problem w- with people and the problem w- with humans is, what happens is, like, our memory gets exponentially worse over time, but the effect of things gets exponentially better over time. And so, the reason that your life seems chaotic and out of your control is because you have simply forgotten what experiences formed your beliefs. You can't remember what happened when you were a kid. It would simply be too much information to hold in your brain. You know, like, you might be able to remember a few things. But like I said, you can't, you can't recall all your experiences. Your brain would have to be huge. And so, instead, what you h- what happens is you hold your beliefs and, um, you know, and- and it's hard to know where they, where they came from. Because once a belief forms, memories of the experiences just fade away because they're no longer useful to inform our survival. So, you know, if- if, for example, if I come down here, right? And I- I- I make loads of little folders, down- down here in my MacBook, you can see, like, you know, and I've, these- these all represent experiences. What I can do is I can, I can highlight this, right? So there's, you know, I've got s-, I've got all these folders here, you know, and they're all sort of, I'll just keep making them, just so you can kind of get this point. Loads of folders. Imagine these all represent beliefs. And I've gotta deal with these things, I've gotta remember them, you know, I've gotta bear them in mind. Like, if I wanna take right a- the right actions, like all these things. What I can do, and what your brain does when it forms a belief, is it takes all of these experiences and it basically just compresses them into one neat zip folder, like this. And so what it can then do is it can come along and it can delete all of these things. And that way, when your brain wants to know how to behave and when you want to know how to basically ensure your survival, you can just basically open the zip and then you can find all the beliefs inside of it. Does that make sense? Like it's, it's, yeah, it's a little bit of a stretch of a metaphor, I understand that, but I think you get the point. And so this is, this is basically how it works. And- and what this means is, by- by doing this and by- by packaging experiences into beliefs and- and- and- and creating this sort of efficient mechanism for survival, we essentially map reality. And- and this is called reality cartography. And when I figured this out, my, this hit me like a train. When I came up with this idea, when I was thinking about, uh, I spent like three months (laughs) brainstorming all the ideas for these first couple of mindset, these first few mindset videos. Um, I- I realized, and it kinda dawned on me, I had this epiphany that we essentially create a map of reality using our belief systems. And this, this idea, this is just, oh, this is some of my, this is some good thinking from me, I'm not even gonna lie. This is, I'm pretty proud of this one. So, let me explain. So this goes a layer deeper because what we can imagine is that beliefs are essentially how we map reality. So, imagine that life is one big journey from A to Z. But, you know, instead of like, um, instead of thinking it as like a start and end journey, like, you know, the- the map is basically, the point of the map is to ensure our survival. Let me, now I'll explain how this works. In order to make this journey from A to Z and arrive safely, we would need a map. So, you know, anytime that you wanna go anywhere, let's say that, you know, you're going somewhere beyond what you know and you know, you're- you're hopping in your car and you're driving across the country and you're going to a new city, well, you're gonna use satellite navigation or you're gonna use a map Or, you know, if you were, if you were exploring the countryside and you didn't know where you were and you- you'd use a map, right? And the map would inform our decisions and actions. So what a map does is it basically tells you where to go, when, what to avoid, how to behave and how to stay alive. So, in the same way that if you're driving and, you know, you wanna get to a destination, your map is gonna, is gonna basically in- it- it- it gives you the decisions. That's what a map, that's a map's intention. It's a map's purpose is, here's where you are, here's where you want to be. And, you know, at this point you have to take this turning and then you've gotta take this exit. And so therefore, all of your decisions and actions as you're on this journey are informed by the map. And here's a very, very h- heavy-hitting idea. We map reality using beliefs. So in the same way that a map will inform you of- of- of what decisions to make on your journey, if you em- if you imagine that you took all of your beliefs and you- you put them on a piece of paper, you wouldn't consciously realize this, but you use those beliefs to make your decisions. And so, you know, the way it works is, is you're, you- you have this sort of defined destination, which is basically in life is just called survival, (laughs) you know, living. And all of your decisions to live and survive are informed by your beliefs. And you might not realize it, um, but when you're not sure and when you come to make any decisions, where do you turn to? You turn to your beliefs So you follow the map. You follow your belief systems. It's not like a tangible thing that you can see in the same way that, you know, you could, you could unravel a map on your desk and you could see it and, you know, you could, you- you could, you could make your decisions and your actions based on where you are on the map and stuff. But it's very much the same thing. If you were on a journey and you got lost, you'd turn to the map. You know, you'd- you'd- you'd look at the map and you'd- you'd ask, you- you'd look at the cartography and you, you know, you'd look, you'd like, you'd conceptualize where you are and you'd try and figure out like where to go next and what decisions to make and what turns to takeAnd the map would help you find your place in the world and navigate to the next place you need to go. And that's what beliefs do, and that's how they work. They are navigational tools. Reality is like a massive expanse of darkness, right? It's like, it's like this huge, big ... it's just acres and acres of chaos. And what beliefs allow us to do is they allow us to discern the chaos, understand how it works, and know how to navigate through it. That's, that's what a belief basically does, is we package reality into information, which creates beliefs, and then we use those beliefs to navigate reality and know how to behave. And the whole key and the whole point here is that you're alive. You're surviving. Your heart is beating, which means on a biological level, on a genetic level, your brain and your body trusts your belief systems on a, on a level because they've, they've ensured your survival up until this point. And this is why you act them out. This is why you, you act them out, is because you're alive, which means that what you're currently doing is keeping you alive. And therefore, like, of course you're gonna act them out. Of course your body and your mind is gonna fight to the death, tooth and nail, to defend these things and, you know, give a sense to them through action, because they're keeping you alive. And you might be thinking like, well, what the hell does me thinking sales is hard have anything to do with my basic survival? That's not the point. The point is that when we were evolving and when we were, when we were on the African plains and we were coming out of Africa, you know, hundreds of thousands of years ago, and we were basically, you know, evolving in tribes on, in, in, in like the, um, in Africa and stuff, and, you know, all these evolutionary ideas, the only component of reality that we knew and understood were ones that immediately impacted our survival. Like, think about this for a second. If you're, if you're, um, if you're evolving, you know, i- on, on the plains of Africa in a tribe, the only things that you're gonna come into contact with are things that you need to have to survive. You know, the, the, the concept of democracy or, you know, the concept of like money or sales or, you know, Interstellar the movie, like the, these things, they weren't, they didn't really exist. They, the only thing that we had was survival. And so, you know, our, our body's primary intent and primary bias is that of survival, and this is why we form belief systems, is because they help us survive. The issue is this is a very archaic system. And obviously, you know, we've evolved and now we've got technology and medicine and stuff and, you know, w- we don't necessarily, you know, need this thing anymore. I mean, we kinda do, right? But, you know, you've got this sort of, what would you call it? You've, you've got this sort of, um, like evolutionary, like overlap. It's kind of like it's an, it's an old operating system in a very new world, but you have to use it because we've got nothing better, because we ... it takes a long time for these things to evolve. And so beliefs basically help us navigate the vast world of reality. We use them to get our bearings and know where to go next. And through beliefs, we package up reality into a neat, tidy, easily understood phenomenon, just like a map. Okay? In the same way that, you know, if you, if you were like a cartographer. You know, let's say that you were, you know, exploring America in the 1600s, you know? We had people exploring America and stuff. 1700s, whatever. Like, what would happen is, you know, you, you'd walk through chaos, which is basically, you know, if you're walking through land you've never been through before and that no one's ever been through before and you're exploring it, you're exploring chaos, and along the way you've got a piece of paper and a pen and you're essentially writing down what you've observed and, you know, you're mapping out the territory That's what you do when you, when you, when you form beliefs, is you're exploring the unknown. You're exploring chaos. And the thing, the, the landmarks that you would use to get your bearings or, you know, the, the valleys, the mountains, the trees, the forests, the oceans, the lakes, the, the things that you use as your points of reference to know where to go next and where you have been to find your way home are basically belief systems. And thi- this idea, when this hit me, I was like, "Holy shit, this makes so much sense." Because I've, I've known this for a while but it wasn't until ... uh, it took me like, it took me like, you know, two months of, of critical thinking and doing nothing, by the way, but critical thinking to figure this thing out. You know, we, we believe we know what is where, we believe we know how things work, and we use our knowledge of the map to make decisions to move through the world. To our body and brain, the map works because at the present moment we're alive. And this is the thing is like you might think like, well, this doesn't make sense because let's say right now that you're overweight. And, um, let, so let- let's use a better example. Let's say right now you're addicted to smoking and your identity is that I'm a smoker, and therefore you have a belief that, you know, you're a smoker. And you might think like, well, how the hell can my body and my mind accept the belief of smoking because I know that smoking kills me? Well, you've gotta realize that consciously you understand that smoking kills you, but the only thing that your body and your brain can comprehend is the present moment Like, you- your body and your brain is like, is like the animal sort of component of you. And animals can't really comprehend the future. Like, they can to a slight degree where you might get a squirrel that buries nuts because it knows that there's gonna be another season in ... you know, might get bears that will hibernate to save energy for the future and stuff. Like, you know, animals can, can slightly comprehend the future, but your biological structures, they only care about like the here and now. And this is also why people get so addicted to like high dopamine things like, like junk food, is like, you know, all your brain cares about is immediate survival, and so if it's got the option to like consume ... like your brain doesn't have the context of you, th- the fact that you're in a technologically advanced civilization. Like, if there's a massive burger loaded with, you know, fat and carbs and sugar in front of you, like, the reason that you crave that and that you can binge eat that like a, for a pastime is because your brain wants to like store as much energy as possible in, in the event that in the future the, the food's not as available to you. And so, you know, all of your beliefs, all these things that you form, form because of this. We, we map reality using beliefs. Like, you know, you, you go through life and you go through reality and all you're doing is you're exploring the unknown. You're exploring chaos. What do you think you're doing right now watching this video? You didn't know any of this information before you watched it. And what's happened now, now that you're receiving this information and creating these experiences, is just by watching this video, you've formed a ton of beliefs about how things work Like, you know, you now probably believe that we map reality and you've just, you've just formed a belief. You had an experience, you received information and, you know, instead of like, you know, trying to like recall all the experiences that would confirm this, you've just, you've just created a statement, right? If you believe me. Now, so if we keep following the map and abiding by it, we will stay alive and have a stronger likelihood of reproducing and passing on our genes. That is the crux of it. The reason that you act out your beliefs and the reason that you follow these things and the reason that you, uh, uh, are so emotionally attached to them is because the beliefs that you have guarantee your immediate survival. Because your brain and your body isn't ... it's not smart, it doesn't have the context that, you know, that beliefs might be bad or good. The, the brain and body, like this sort of genetic mechanism that ... this survival mechanism, this evolutionary idea. It doesn't, it doesn't care if you're unhappy, it doesn't care if you're anxious, it doesn't care if you're sad, it doesn't care if you're miserable, it doesn't care about how you feel or how things are going. It just cares that things are going. (laughs) Like, you know, the only thing that this cares about is that there is something there and that you're alive. And this is a, this is a, a, a reproductive bias. This is, um, there's a book called The Selfish Gene by Richard Dawkins which explains this incredibly well, and it explains why we have such a bias towards survival. Like, you know, it happens. And so when you're, when you're... You know, you might not want to act out your beliefs and you might not be a big fan of your beliefs, but to your biology, your beliefs up until this point have kept you alive, and therefore, you know, we keep them. And, and like I said, it doesn't matter that you're believing about things that have nothing to do with survival. Like, whether or not I like my headphones isn't gonna inform my immediate survival. But to your body and your brain, it, it uses the same mechanism to deal with these higher-level, more advanced things than it would with things like snakes and shelter and, you know, where's the water going to be and where's the food gonna come from and, you know, which member of the tribe is most likely to try and kill me and, you know, where's the, where's the buffalo gonna go next and migrate to and, you know, what, what flowers are poisonous and where should we put our camp and how do we light a fire? Like, all of these things, all these components of reality that determined our survival, like, our brain now uses the same survival mechanism and projects that onto, you know, modern components that, that don't inform your survival but your brain can't contextualize the difference. And whether you realize it or not, you have a map. Everyone has a map, they just don't realize it and they don't know they're following it. You must realize that your decisions, your actions and your behaviors are not these random things that just happen. You are, you, you have a map. They are produced, and I'm gonna walk you through this in the next video as well on how to, uh, really gonna come to terms with the map and, and define it, but, you know, they are produced by your beliefs and you are following a map through your life and you've built it without even realizing it. You know, i- if you don't believe me, just, like, take a second here and imagine a world for a second without beliefs. Imagine, imagine just having no belief systems about anything. Imagine you had no judgment-based beliefs and you had no self-image beliefs. The only beliefs you had were your knowledge-based beliefs of what's actually there. Well, you wouldn't be anything and you wouldn't know what anything means. You wouldn't know how to treat things. You wouldn't know how to act. You wouldn't know where to turn. You wouldn't know what direction to go in. You know, just like someone trying to find somewhere without a map. You'd have, you, you wouldn't know anything. Like, you'd have no c- understanding of anything. It'd be chaos. And, as you know, beliefs can be represented as scales tipped by strength and weakness, and you have a scale for everything you believe. So, you know, c- coming back to this scale idea, you know, you have a, a scale, you know, for, "Do you like baked beans?" So, p- maybe you don't like baked beans and that's a, you know, the, the idea of, "I like baked beans," is false. And so it's tipped, it's, it's, it's stacked in the false direction. And what this means is you've had experiences that confirm that you don't like baked beans. And, you know, another belief that you might have is, "I'm gonna buy Easygrow," or, "I'm not gonna buy Easygrow." You know, it could be either. And, you know, this thing could be tipped in this direction or this direction. And, you know, the other thing as well is, uh, there are, uh, things that you haven't observed or things that haven't come into your awareness are neutral. So you have neutral beliefs about stuff that you don't understand. So I'm not even gonna try and pronounce this but, um, the ci- I will for your, for your amusement. The sick Hotealenia something. Is that cute? Well, this is, like, a little weird insect or something from what I understand from f- I think I just randomly googled it. But is it cute? Well, you don't know if it's cute or not because you've never experienced it before. Therefore, the scale is perfectly level. It's neither true nor false because you don't know yet. And the same thing here could be, what are your thoughts on the campaigns of Shivaji? Well, p- you probably don't know who Shivaji was. He was a, an I- an Indian king and an Indian conqueror, I think, from the 1600s. And, um, you know, you don't have any thoughts on this. Like, you, you don't have an opinion or a belief around the ca- the campaigns of Shivaji because up until now you didn't even know the bloke existed. But for things that you do know exist, you have beliefs. So, you know, the belief, "I love communism," could be false. "Was Hitler morally wrong?" could be true, you know? "Do you have a mother?" This is a binary knowledge-based belief. Yes, you do, because, you know, hell, if you, if you (laughs)... Like, how the hell were you born without a mother? Are elephants real? Well, p- you know, maybe you think that's completely false, right? So whether things are real or not, like, knowledge-based beliefs are binary, which means they're represented in this binary sense as either being completely true or completely not true. But identity-based beliefs and judgment-based beliefs are always based on a scale of intensity. And here I'm about to show you something, and this kind of brings everything together. Bundled together... So when you take all of your beliefs and you put them together, they create your paradigm. Okay? So p- up until this point, we know that, you know, we know how beliefs form, we know they get exponentially reinforced, you know, we know that they're based on a scale of truth, we know they're paired as parallels. We know that, you know, experiences create beliefs and we either confirm or deny them, and if we confirm one belief we deny the opposite belief. We know that, you know, it happens in the mind, and your imagination can confirm beliefs and deny beliefs, and all these things. We know that, you know, beliefs serve the purpose of creating efficiency and we effectively map reality using our belief systems. And let me give you something, let me, let me give you a diagram. Bang. Here we go. Definitely didn't take me two months to think this bloody thing up. (laughs(laughs) Oh, that's funny. It's, you know, it's interesting with program recording, and you'll, you'll learn this if you ever sell information, which I'm sure you will in the future if y- when you become successful or successful enough, is p- it's, the, the, the whole, the whole thing with, with this, with this p- info game and selling information and helping people is taking ideas that are incredibly, incredibly complicated and making them as simple as humanly possible. That's the job. And here, what we have is a map of subjective reality. This is a hu- this is, this is a, this is something worth considering, and this is something worth screenshotting and really thinking about for a good five minutes here. Your paradigm is the sum of every belief you have, and beliefs are split into these three categories: knowledge, judgment, and self-image. You have a lot of beliefs, many millions. All of these beliefs put together serve as your map for reality. You'll use this map to make your decisions, and you'll take your, and take your actions. It informs your every move, and your life and reality is the product of your paradigm. Everything from whether you like the Transformers movie franchise to the shape of the swimming pool you'd want in your home. Everything is stored here, and this is what it looks like. And so what we can see is your paradigm is sort of split into these, into these three components, where you've got all of your knowledge-based beliefs in one component, you've got all of your self-image based beliefs in another component, and you've got all of your judgments in, in here. And if we added your knowledge and your judgments together, this would create your worldview, and if we take all of the beliefs in your self-image, then this obviously creates your identity. And if I just zoom in here, what you can basically see is that we've th- this is obviously not a complete representation because there are going to be literally millions, maybe tens, hundreds of millions of beliefs that you might have, right? Maybe not hundreds of millions, but there's a lot. And, um, and it's basically this. Your paradigm is just all of these scales that have just been stacked. Now, your knowledge-based beliefs will technically all be binary, so this isn't entirely accurate. You know, they, they'd all be like binary, like complete true or false. But this is how it works. All, all, all your paradigm is, all your identity is, all your self-image is, is just a collection of beliefs, of just these scales that have just been stacked through your experiences. How cool is that? And then this essentially becomes your map. So whenever you, whenever you're thinking about making a decision or taking an action in life, what happens is, you know, uncon- you don't realize this, but unconsciously, you turn to the map, and you use these scales and you use these little, you know, um, levers of intensity to inform what you should do and how you should behave and how you should act. And h- and, and then you take the action and the behavior, and that basically creates your life, and, you know, this is p- I can't stress it enough. This is what your life is. (laughs) It's, it's just a bunch of scales, and, you know, if you zoom in you can see them all here, right? So, you know, inside of the self-image thing, you know, how much do you like the, the, the, the brand Ray-Ban? How good are you at swimming? Um, you know, what's your favorite place to go as a kid? You know, what was your, what was your f- what was your, um, experience like in primary school? What was your, what was the name of your first girlfriend? Like, all of these, like, beliefs, th- everything that you believe to be true is stacked here. And this doesn't do it justice because this would be like a complete sea, you know, you wouldn't, there wouldn't be any clear space, but you get the point. And so that is how you visualize a paradigm. And when you come to observe the world and you come to look at something, you, you look at it through these beliefs. It's such a powerful idea. It, it's just such a, it just, such a clear, simple way to see how you see. And so your subjective reality, the, the way that you perceive the world and the way that you think the world exists and is, is simply this. Every experience you have, you know, and it's forever changing as well, like, you know, every experience you have, every time you create a new belief or, or, you know, every experience you have shifts your paradigm. It change, it slightly changes, you know, the intensity of the belief systems that you have. They can get stronger, they can get weaker, you know, you can create new ones. It's, it's, it's a miracle, and, you know, this is, this is an evolutionary phenomenon. It's, it's, it's a, this is an efficiency machine, you know, and, and it took me a lot of thinking to, to figure this thing out. I mean, oh my goodness. Like, once I s- once I sussed this out, I was like, "Yeah, this makes sense." Right? And then what's interesting is, you know, we, we can... Once again, we can use this to, to, to visualize how paradigms work on another level as well. So p- this is macro and micro paradigms. So certain components of reality will contain more beliefs than others, and, you know, your paradigm and, you know, with your knowledge and your judgments and stuff, like, it, it, th- there's lots of components of reality that you've observed, and there's lots of components of reality that, you know, you, you, you, you use to see the world through, but some way more than others. And so beliefs can be grouped and bundled into categories, into components, you know? So, like, for example, if, if you had like, you, you might have a category in your, in your mind of ex-girlfriends and, you know, everything you believe to be true about your ex-girlfriends or something. And, you know, this depends on how you orient your life and structure your worldview and identity. So what we can see here in this example is, um, is, is the paradigm... Let's say this is the paradigm of a university student who did their dissertation, which is their, you know, final big essay on Socrates. So Socrates, if you don't know, was an ancient Greek philosopher. So let's say this person's like 23 years old and they just spent the last two years of their life studying Socrates. Well, p- what this means is, you know, a huge component of their paradigm is going to be made up of this. So p- if I zoom in, I can show you.So, let's say this is someone's paradigm here, right? Um, if I just pull this up. And so this is paradigm level one. So, let's say that this person is from the United Kingdom, they take care of their health, they love their relationships, they, they, they've- they're a student of biology, they're religious, they love science, they spend a lot of time in nature, they study a lot of philosophy. Let's say they like psychology and th- finance and history. Uh, all these other little things here, these Xs, would represent components of reality. So, this- this little component of reality here could be the movie Titanic. Let's say this person's, like, favorite film is Titanic, right? And they watch Titanic all the time. Well, p- it's gonna be a little component of r- of their reality, right? And what you'll find is that certain components or certain parts of reality will dominate the paradigm. So, for me, my- my sort of, quote-unquote, dominant, um, you know, uh, like, uh, th- the most- the dominant- the most dominant component of my paradigm is gonna be business. And, you know, it's- it's gonna be marketing and- and- and sales and- and all these things that I do. And that's- and you know, I see the world primarily through the lens of business and marketing. But, you know, if you took someone- if you took someone and who- and you know, they'd been a professional ice skater for their entire life and they'd been an athlete, then they would see the world through the lens of someone who's, like, an athlete and an ice skater. But p- what- what's interesting about this is when you take a dominant component of your paradigm, it- it breaks down into sub-components. Because, you know, let's say that this person here is a university student who studied history, and let's say they studied history, right? And so for them, you know, for- for a historian, like, the biggest component of their paradigm, of their worldview, is history, 'cause it's what they've studied the most. Like, if you're wondering, by the way, like, what- h- what constitutes the size of a different component is how many beliefs you hold about it. So, you know, if this person has spent the last, you know, their entire life studying history, then what that means is, uh, th- uh, like, a- a vast majority of their beliefs will be about history and they'll have way more beliefs about history than they would about biology, right? And so, you know, depending on how many beliefs you have about something depends on the amount of, you know, paradigm surface area that that thing will consume. And the cool thing is that this breaks down into, um, into little- into micro levels. And so if this person's primary, you know, paradig- paradigmal lens is history, because they have a lo- they have more beliefs about history than anything else, then what we can see is p- it- it breaks down into lots of different things. So, maybe they've studied the Middle Ages and the early modern era and the modern era, which are different periods of history, but let's say that most of their historical knowledge comes during ancient times. So, you know, let's say their degree was done on, you know, antiquity, which is like 600 BC to four- 475 AD, so like a long time ago. It's like, you know, a couple of thousand years ago, if not more. And, um, you know, in- in their history paradigm, they've got other, you know, these little Xs represent other group- uh, like groups of- of, um, other groups of belief systems, right? But they might not be as significant. And then so, you know, if ancient times is the- is the primary, you know, belief group of the history, you know, component, then we can break that down. And so maybe they've got beliefs, you know, maybe they've got lots of knowledge and beliefs about the Persian Empire or the Roman Empire or the- the history of Stoicism, right? But then let's say that the- the dominant, you know, component of the ancient times, um, belief group for them is Ancient Greece. And then, you know, we could take Ancient Greece and extrapolate it, and maybe they know a lot about Athens and a lot about Alexander the Great and some stuff about, you know, um, different, you know, Greek colonies and, like, you know, the Peloponnesian War. But then- but then because this person did their final essay on Socrates, well, the dominant, you know, belief group of their Ancient Greek belief group would be Socrates, because they spent their time studying him. And so what this would look like if we- if we extrapolate this out is, you know, they've got a mass- they've got lots and lots of beliefs and knowledge and information and, you know, statements of perceived truth about Socrates. And so what that means is that when this person is going through life and when this person is, you know, is- is- is- is working their way through the world and, you know, look- using their map of reali- m- using their belief maps to make decisions, a lot of the way they're gonna see the world is through what we would call a Socratic lens. So, if you- if you say you- if you say you've got, like, Socratic reasoning, that's the- the method of reasoning that Socrates would use. And so if you've studied the man relentlessly, then you're going to s- and you know you've studied him and you believe his ideas and you believe his philosophies and you believe his knowledge, then p- all of your belief systems are Socratic, right? At least the ones relevant to Socrates. So, when you come to observe the world, maybe you're looking at a problem, you- you might look at that problem through the same lens that Socrates did. And this is the whole point of mentorship and learning information and- and- and stuff, is my job here by teaching you is to give you my paradigm. Like, the- the- the fastest way for me to help you make money and grow is for me to essentially impart my belief systems onto you. Not in, like, some dogmatic, ideological- ideolo- ideologically charged political way where I want you to agree with me on everything. But p- what I'm doing is I'm trying to give you information that you then accept as true, which then informs your decisions and actions to become successful. And so, you know, thi- this basically applies for everything, but wherever you've got the most beliefs, like the biggest, you know, the- the most volume of beliefs, is- is going to influence your paradigm massively, right? Um, and so, you know, for me, like, mindset is a really big component of my paradigm and I spend a lot of time, in case you can't tell, thinking about mindset and, you know, uh, drawing up belief systems about mindset and observing it and trying to understand it. And therefore, when I look at the world and I look at a problem, I look at someone's life and I try and fix that problem or I try and act out my- my map, what- what's happening is I will- I will use my mindset paradigm to do that, if that makes sense. And so, you know, your paradigm exists on many different levels and, you know, all of these little, um, all of these little yellow circles are basically just a group of beliefs about the thing. So, when I say to some- when I say to this person, like, "What does Socrates mean to you?" Or, "What do you believe, what, like, what do you believe to be tr- true about Socrates?" They would just list off all the things they believe to be true. And so, p- you know, this is what I mean by having a map, is, you know, you- you would- you would- you see the world through your belief systems and they are basically aggregated into these little things, right? So, the person above would see the world through a Socratic lens because there's a large bias in their paradigm towards Socrates. A huge, you know, proportion of their belief systems, you know, re- if- if represented as a percentage, is p-, you know, is based on- on history, which is then based on ancient times, ancient Greece, Socrates and- and so on and so forth, right? I hope that makes sense. So, p- some examples, um, some examples here, um, for example, here are some big paradigm biases that I have, right? So first of all, I am British, which means that I- I come from the United Kingdom. And what that means is that, you know, I have a British paradigm. So, p- you know, a lot of my, um, a lot of my belief systems and perceptions and perspectives, um, come from being British, um, and you know, the culture of- of- of Britain and the language and, you know, what- what we believe to be true as a- as a- as a culture and a society and a country, et cetera, et cetera. So it's a, you know, you can be heavily biased by the country that you're from. Um, you know, because if you're from the United States of America, then, you know, a- a big sort of proponent of your pa- ... paradigm, you'll, you'll see the, you'll see the world through the lens of, like, freedom. Because, you know, one of the core cultural, you know, phenomenon, uh, like, manifestations of, of American culture and society is the idea of freedom. In the same way that if you're American, then you'll see the, you'll see the world through the Constitution. And if the Constitution isn't, isn't, isn't, isn't, isn't abided by, then you might think it's bad. You know, you get my point. Um, another example, you know, um, I'm a brother, so I have a younger sister and a younger brother, which means I'm a big brother, which means I have lots of beliefs formed about how to be a brother and what it means to be a brother. And, you know, I, I can, I can look at the world through the brotherly lens. If, if you don't have any siblings, then you can't do this because you've never formed any beliefs about what it means to be a brother or a sister because you don't... You, you've never done it before. Same thing for marketing or psychology or evolution, natural selection. Like, you know, all these things that I've, I've spent a lot of time studying, I see the world through. And, um, you know, they really help. And when I look at the world, um, these are some of the primary lenses through which I look. I have a lot of beliefs formed around these things, and they are primary components of my life. Naturally, the more time you spend with a component of reality, the more beliefs you form around it and the more of your paradigm it takes up. So, my point again here is that, like, these, these little circles are aggregations of belief systems, and the more belief systems you have about something, the more of your paradigm it takes up. Simple as that. For example, as of recording this, I do not have children, so I do not see the world as a father. Like, I can't really... I, like, my, my dad, for example, is a father, and a pretty bloody good one at that, and, um, you know, and, and he, he sees the world, like, as a dad. So when, you know... Not, not everything. He's not gonna, he's not gonna, like, you know, mow the lawn as a father. I mean, maybe, maybe he would. I don't know. Things get a bit weird when you start talking like that. But, like, I, I don't see the world through the lens of, of fatherhood. I don't have any kids right now, so it's, it's not something that, you know... But as soon as you have babies and as soon as you have kids, your perspective shifts and you start forming lots of beliefs around what it means to be a dad and, you know, your relationship with your children, and that will, you know, your, your paradigm will shift. And this... It's, it's a forever moving, you know, dynamic affair. Another example, I've never been to China so, you know, I don't see the world, uh, in the same way that a Chinese person would, in the same way that I've never known homelessness-ness, homelessness-ness, homelessness... Yeah, I've never known homelessness-ness (laughs). Doesn't sound right, but you know what I mean. And what that means is I don't see the world through this lens. So, someone that's been homeless before will see the world slightly differently to me because, because of their experiences And the thing is, and this is a big thing, this is a big, big thing, you know you have a map and you know that your map, you, you know... This is the, the... These diagrams, by the way, are my attempt to sort of demonstrate the, you know... It is, it, it's not like a traditional map where, like, you've got, like, turnings and, and landmarks and stuff, but, you know, you can very much map your paradigm in these ways and understand how it works, and you, you know, you use it to make your decisions in, in your direction. But just because you have a map doesn't mean it's right. And this, once again, this idea, this is a, this is a, a bloody heavy hitting thing, right? Just because you have a map doesn't mean it's right. So imagine, like, imagine that, you know, you, you, you are an explorer in the 1700s and you're from Spain. And I don't know why you'd be from Spain, but you're from Spain, and, you know, you take a ship across to America. And, you know, let's say that you sail up the Gulf of California. Now, if you're following a map that is inaccurate, then you're gonna get lost. It's as simple as that. And the point here I'm making is that not all of your maps... M- maps aren't always right. If I go on Google Maps right now, it's gonna be right, you know? We've got satellites, we've got lots of experience, we've mapped the world pretty well, we know what's there, we know what's going on But sometimes, you know, someone could give you a map of, you know, of, of, of, like, the countryside and they could have got it wrong and they could have mapped it wrong and they could have, they could have misunderstood or misjudged what they saw. And the same thing is true with your belief systems and your paradigm, is just because you have one doesn't mean it's right. And this is, this is where things get a little bit interesting and where we kind of come full circle with this, because, you know, we're gonna talk about right and wrong. Because if, if, if it's... It's really this simple. If you want to be successful and if you want to make a ton of money, then all you have to do is figure out what the right thing is. Like, if you, if you could just be right every single time. Imagine if you could just constantly make the right decisions and constantly take the right actions to be successful, well then guess what happen? You'd be successful. I don't think anyone can really argue with that. It's impossible to argue with that. And we know that actions and decisions come from belief systems, and so all we have to do is figure out what the right belief systems are to have and program them, program them into our brains, which I will show you how to do in later videos, and then you'll become successful with time. So, you know, by this point you understand how beliefs work, you understand their nature and where they come from, and this all leads to the ultimate question of how do we know what beliefs are right and what beliefs are wrong Because it really is about this, it's just about figuring out what you need to believe and then, like, trying to adopt that belief, and then your actions and your behavior will change, and then your life will change. It's entirely possible to change your beliefs. And we will talk about this, but you can believe anything you want, you just have to reprogram your brain. And we're gonna talk about the reprogramming thing, and you're, you're gonna, you're gonna get this down to a T 'cause I've done it before and I know how it works. But the question is, like, what (laughs)? Like, this is a big question, is what should you believe? How do you discern right from wrong? And how do you know what is good and what is bad? Like, you know, it's, it's li- it's all good and well me, me telling you, like, there's just, you just need to believe a certain thing and be in a certain way. And don't get me wrong, I'm not gonna tell you..... to, you know, we're not gonna go beyond, like, business here. I'm not gonna tell you what god you should believe in. I'm not gonna tell you what you should eat. I'm not gonna tell you, uh, who you should love and w- none of that. I'm just gonna talk to you about money and, and business, and I'm gonna stay well within, you know, the boundaries of, of this program in just basically making you successful. We're not gonna get in... I'm not gonna try and force my political belief systems on you, which, to be honest, I don't really have any anyway. I'm not gonna... This is not like a dogmatic, ideological cult where I'm gonna try and, like, brainwash you to, to, to, to, you know, around my way of thinking for my commercial gain. That's not the case. This is pr- I promise you, this was a good intention, and you can decide. So, when it comes to beliefs, you know, some beliefs are right and some beliefs are wrong. And when it comes to right and wrong, there are two different forms of right and wrong. Now, I'm not talking about the moral or the ethical right or wrong. So, for example, you know, if, if, like, there's, there's an argument around, like, the death penalty for serial killers, is that right, is that wrong? You know? But I'm not, I'm not talking about this moral/ethical debate. What I'm talking about when it comes to right or wrong are two things: factual alignment and goal alignment. And so p- the word alignment, what this means is whether or not a belief is aligned with either objective reality or your goal reality, okay? And this, this is very, this is a very powerful idea to have, because if we can figure out, like, what do you need to believe to be true in order for you to become successful? That's the question here, right? And what this means is there are... Because your beliefs are fully within your control, and I'll, I'll, once again, I'll demonstrate this to you in, in future videos, you can change your beliefs. So, all it really becomes about doing is just defining what you need to believe and then believing it, right? And l- like I said, I know I keep saying this, but I, I will show you how to do this. Eh, this is not just some theory-crafted thing. But in order for me to do this properly, you need to understand this f- stuff first. So, p-... There's... Because we've got a couple different types of beliefs, there's a nuance here. So, alignment, like I said, is, is whether or not a belief is aligned with either the true nature of the world or the nature of the world you want. So, when it comes to a knowledge-based belief, a belief is only right or wrong insofar as, uh, uh, as if it's in alignment with objective reality, which is what is actually there. So remember, knowledge-based beliefs are basically your belief about what actually exists before you've judged it, before you've identified with it. Like, for example, there's a chair. There's my mother. You know? Uh, uh, uh, I don't know if you could argue that that's a self-image based belief because you're using the word my, but if you look on your desk right now or your table and you see something and you say it's there, that's a knowledge-based belief. You believe it's there, right? You believe it's true. And alignment, from a knowledge perspective, is when... is what you have observed to be there actually there? So, if I said right now that there's a chair outside, but there wasn't a chair outside, like, if the true objective nature of the world was that there was no chair, well, then I'm not in alignment with the objective nature of reality, right? And so, p- you know, that's how that works. I'm gonna give you some examples to... I'm gonna give you a diagram, and this will all make sense, I promise. Just bear with me. So, that's the thing. That's the case for judgment for knowledge-based beliefs. However, when it comes to, um... And I'll just color this in blue. So, when it comes to judgment and self-image beliefs, like, how do you determine if a, if a, if an identity or a judgment is right or wrong? Because p- technically, from the, from an actual objective standpoint, like, all right or wrong means, from an objective standpoint, is, is, does something exist or not? 'Cause if I said to you, like, you know, "I am an anxious person," well, what constitutes whether that's a right or a wrong statement? Like, p- because p- the statement creates the correctness, if that makes sense. And so, you know, if I said, like, if I, if I, if I made a judgment of, you know, um, like, I've, I've got water on my desk, right? And the water's sparkling. So, if I, if I said, "This water is fizzy," you know, I can just, I can shake it up. You know, I can open it and I can drink it. And I can have that sensory o- sen- that... I can have that sensory experience, and I can, I can now say that that water is fizzy, you know? And technically, I'm right because the water is fizzy, but there's a scale. Like, how fizzy is it, you know? So, let me explain this. So, judgment and self-image beliefs are only right or wrong insofar as they're in alignment with goal reality, which is what you want. So, when it comes to judgment and self-image beliefs, there is no such thing as right or wrong, okay? There is no s-... And, um, I know it's just... I know this is like, "What the hell?" But just give me second. You can make the moral and ethical arguments, but technically, they can't be right or wrong because they are subjective. They are true or false to the person who has them. So, p- you know, if I, um, if I said to you right now, "I am a failure," right? You would probably look at me and say, "Charlie, you're wrong. You're not a failure." But I could genuinely think I am, because to me, maybe being, like, a multimillionaire or being worth multi-eight figures is still a failure. And so the point here is that the second that something enters the realm of judgment or identity, it is up for interpretation, which means that, like, people can disagree with you, which means that whether it's right or wrong or not depends on whether or not it's right or wrong for them. Does that make sense? So if, if I saw a man that was, you know, six-foot-five and I said, "He's tall," then another person might come along and say, "Actually, he's short," because that person could be seven foot tall, right? And so, p- you know, it, it... That, that said, there is a way, and there is a very clever way, to measure whether judgment or self-image beliefs are right or wrong. And this is whether or not it supports your goal reality from manifesting. So, p- the point I'm making here is the, the, the thing that we orient right or wrong against...... the, the sort of, the Polaris star, the mechanism that we use to gauge and determine if a belief is right or wrong is our goal. Your goal is the anchor for right or wrong. Not morally, not ethically, not objectively knowledge-based, but when it comes to your identity, what you believe to be true about yourself, and when it comes to your judgments, which is what you believe to be true about the things that you know exist, whether those beliefs that you hold are right or wrong depend on your goal and how aligned they are with the achievement of your goal. This is a beautiful, simple idea. Let me explain. If you believe something to be true, but it stops you from acting out behavior that helps you achieve what you want to achieve, then that belief is wrong. And I don't mean wrong in a traditional sense. I mean it when it's measured against your goal reality and what you need to believe to make that happen. Your life and reality is a product of your belief systems according to the ladder on the right. Remember this here. Life and reality, actions, decisions, perceived options, thoughts, paradigm, beliefs, and experiences, which means that everything comes from your beliefs, which come from your experiences. So if you want to change your reality, you must change your beliefs. And I want you to imagine here, imagine an alternative uniter- uh, ugh, can't get my words out. Imagine an alt... I get a bit excited when I talk about this stuff, so I talk too quickly, so I apologize. Imagine an alternative, an alternative universe where your goal has manifested. So imagine just for a second here that your dream has come true. Y- y- right now, you're living your dream life, you've got everything you want. You've got the money, you've got the ev- you've got the status, you've got the freedom, you have financial freedom. What beliefs would have brought about that goal? What would you have to believe to be true to have achieved that goal? You know, what would you have to change about your belief systems? What, what knowledge-based, judgment-based, and self-image-based belief systems would have to, would have to change or shift or create for that to happen? Since everything is upstream of these, there is a world where your goal is true, if only you had different belief systems. So sometimes what you believe is true and what is actually true are two very different things. So c- what I, what I mean here, instead of true, is right. So sometimes what you believe is right and what is actually right are two very different things. Your observations will often be wrong, leading to your knowledge-based beliefs being way off and incorrect. And this leads to behavior that is fundamentally wrong. So you act out your beliefs. So if your beliefs are wrong, then your actions will be wrong. And, like, whether, whether a behavior is right or wrong depends on whether or not it helps you achieve your goal. So if you do something that inhibits and prevents you from achieving your goal, then you have done the wrong thing. But if you do something and you behave in a way that helps you achieve your goal and moves you close towards your goal, then you are behaving in the right way. And your behavior is informed by your beliefs. So p- if a belief gives ascent to the wrong behavior, which is behavior that prevents you from getting your goal, then it's wrong and vice versa. And this will lead to a terrible life and lots of suffering. And the extent to which you are wrong can be represented by these two circles. Obviously, we're talking in the abstract here, right? So hopefully I'm doing a good enough job of articulating it, but I am gonna, I am gonna give you a diagram. So, okay, first of all, let's tackle the knowledge-based beliefs. So these are the beliefs about stuff, uh, uh, you know, what you believe exists, basically. So, you know, when you're mapping objective reality. So for example, let's say that you were about to jump off a cliff. So you know, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're at like the, the, the ocean or something and, you know, you're on a cliff And, um, now let's, let's say you're actually on a cliff, like in a canyon. So there's no, there's no water at the bottom. You're not at the ocean. You're, you're standing at the edge of a cliff on a canyon, and it's really high. And let's say that you look down, and you look down into the canyon, and let's say it's like really deep, so you can't really see that well, but you look down and at the bottom it looks like there's a net, you know, like a, a big, you know, a big, like cotton net would catch you. Don't know if cotton would, would, would catch you, but there's, there's a safety net at the bottom of the canyon, and you think there's a safety net there. That's the key, is you think there's one there. You, you look down and you see the pattern and you, you think, "Yep, that's, that's, that's a net." And so, you know, that is your subjective knowledge. So, you know, you've, you've made an observation about reality, and you think that a net exists. Now, what then happens is you think, "Okay, well this net exists, so I'm going to jump off this, this canyon." And so, you know, you run and you jump off the canyon, and you fall and you fall and you fall, and you wait to be caught by the net. But let's say that there was no net, and what you actually saw was a mirage, and you know, the, the pattern of the rocks at the bottom of the canyon, and now you die. Because if objective reality is that there's no net and it was just a pattern at the bottom of the canyon, you- you're, you're now dead And this is kind of how people behave, and this is how you can really make the wrong decision, and this is how being wrong can really impact your life, is if you observe something and you think something exists but it doesn't, and you start acting as if it does, well now you're in a deep, deep trouble. Because, you know, let's say for example, that, you know, you think that your teacher likes you, you know, and you think that you can get away with something. But let's say that you've misjudged and your teacher does not like you (laughs), you know? And, and you do that thing, and now you can get expelled, right? So, how this works is, is we have objective knowledge, right? So we have objective, well this should really say reality, to be honest, but you have objective reality and you have subjective reality. And this is, this is about what exists and what is true, okay? So the, the truth, the objective truth and the subjective truth. And there's a gap between these two points. And to become successful, we must seek something called factual alignment for our knowledge-based beliefs. And factual alignment is basically where we want our perception of reality to be completely aligned with the truth. So what, uh, what, what you need to figure out and what you need to do is to make sure that what you believe is true is actually true, because your subjective truth and the objective truth can be two very different things, and they can be very far apart. And the further apart they are, the, the more likely you are to make a mistake and the more wrong you're gonna be And so factual alignment is where we seek the objective truth, no matter how painful, and we try to align our subjective knowledge with it as close as possible. So, how most people live their lives is, what happens is, you know, they have their subjective reality, and it's pretty separate from objective reality. Like, there's, there's no alignment, and so there's a big gap between what you think is true and what is actually true, you know? So like, you know, I think there's a net at the bottom of this, of this thing, you know, this canyon, but, you know, there's no net at the bottom of the canyon. And, you know, what you're looking to do, and this is basically the idea of just becoming smarter and more intelligent, is you want to slightly bridge this gap, you know, and you wanna just, you know, try and move it closer. So we're just trying to move, you know, the subjective as close as we can to the objective. And then what happens is, you know, they're gonna get closer, and then, you know, they're gonna start to overlap, and then before you know it, like, they're really overlapping, and then before you know it, you have what we call perfect alignment. Now, you're never gonna be able to achieve perfect alignment completely all the time constantly, but, you know, like for example, like this is kind of what I've done with this video. So think about what you knew about belief systems before starting this mindset training, right? It was probably the case that you're all the way over here and the truth is all the way over here. And so what I've done over the last couple of videos is just moved you closer and closer and closer to, to have perfect alignment with this component of reality And when you're dealing with components of reality, there is, like, a- an objective best way to do things and you want to find that way. This is the same thing we're gonna do with the sales training, right? You know, like for example, right now, your perception of sales is all the way over here and, you know, my perception of sales is all the way over here. And I'm not saying that I have the very best sales thing, although objectively, I think I probably do because, like, it works and I've closed, like, $30 million with it, so it's probably better than the thing that you've got, right? And so the point I'm making is, when we go through the sales training, all I'm doing is just aligning you with the truth. And this- this is how, like, you know, we- we- we receive information and, you know, we create experiences. And what we're trying to do is just create the right experiences that inform the right beliefs and- and align us. And down here, this is perfect factual alignment, where you're totally right. And this means that what you believe to be true is actually true, and your subjective knowledge is perfectly objective. Reality, uh, to you, is the state of things as they actually exist. Now, I'm talking here about, like, objectivity and, you know, seeing what is actually there. But the same thing applies in a second to, you know, your- your identity and your self-image. Because, you know, if your identity right now is one thing, but the identity that you need to have to become successful is another thing, then we need to- we need to overlap and you need to become who you need to become, if that makes sense. And so c- all- all- so all becoming successful is about is just trying to find the best way of doing things and the best way of believing that things exist and aligning what you believe to be true with that thing, right? And you are perfectly aligned from a knowledge-based perspective when what you think you've observed is actually true. And true is a- is a, you know, we'll put right here, because true is a- is a very hard, like... (laughs) Truth is a very hard thing to gauge. Obviously, if I say to you right now, like, "There's a bottle on my desk," then that is true because there's a bottle on my desk. But if I say to you that, you know, um... If I say to you- if I give you a piece of knowledge on, like, sales or appointment booking and it's right because it works, then you need to believe it and, you know, you sh- you should- you'd be more aligned if you did. And the thing is about perfect alignment from a knowledge-based perspective is, this is actually less common than you might think. And many people, many people believe false information and make faulty observations. So, you know, a couple of examples around, like, fake news and AI-generated content. So here are some videos, um, on Instagram, TikTok, and YouTube, right? YouTube Shorts here. Um, this is an Instagram. This is AI-generated. And what someone did is they took, um, they took Big Ben, which is a landmark in London, and they put a North Face coat on Big Ben. And in the video, it looks pretty damn real. Like, you know, obviously, to anyone with a brain, this is, like, fake because, you know, I don't think North Face are gonna pu- put (laughs) a North- North Face coat on Big Ben. But there were people in the comments, like, actually being like, "Whoa, when was this? Is this an exhibition?" Like, people actually believed this was true. Which I know to you might, maybe- maybe you're like, "What the hell? That's impossible." But another example is this. This was a viral TikTok, where, um, there was- there was this- this- this- this- this, um, video of someone saying that Disney lowered the Amer- the drinking age to 18. And there were l- there- there was like- there was news articles on this, there was, like, outcry. And it wasn't until Disney- Disney's, I think it was, like, Disney's CEO or someone made, like, a statement saying, like, "This is not true." You know? I- but, for like- for a- a short period of time, a lot of people thought this was true. And the funny thing is, is that statement that s- Disney made about it not being true, a lot of people haven't seen that. So there are people out there that just genuinely think that, you know, the drinking age is 18 (laughs) in Disney. And, you know, this- this is gonna inform people's decisions, their judgments of Disney, whether they go or not, like their expectations. Another example, I couldn't find the- the exact one I was looking for, but there was a- there was a viral video on- on YouTube a while ago of a car being lifted by balloons and everyone thought it was real. Like, it- it looked- it looked like the spitting image of real, but it was actually AI generated. And, um, you know, this obviously looks kind of cap. Like, this is... The car would be, like, tilted and like it doesn't look real at all. But, you know, people will- some people will observe this and- and they'll- they'll become convinced of what they've actually observed. You know? Um, and th- this is- this is incredibly common for... You know, not just from, like, a AI or- or fake news perspective, but like, you know, there's- there's people out there that think that the Earth is flat, you know? And whether the Earth is flat or round is a judgment-based belief. It's not really knowledge, right? Because knowledge is the Earth exists and judgment is it's round or flat, right? 'Cause it is- it is a subjective, um, measurement. But- but the thing is, is like from a- from a, um, from a physics standpoint and a- and a cosmic standpoint, like, there is v- very firm evidence that the Earth is round, right? So objectively, the Earth is round, to my knowledge, right? From my perspective, it's round. But I think it's round because everything that I've seen confirms that. Um, but there are people out there that actually think the Earth is flat and, you know, to the... And th- they- they will behave accordingly. Like, there's- there's flat-Earth people who won't get on boats because they're afraid that the- the- uh, the Earth is gonna fall, they're gonna fall off into hell. You know? It c- it- it's fascinating that, like, people- people, they- they make observations and those observations, they inform their life, and it- it's just, uh, wild to me. Like, you know, if you... It's like, here it's like the Earth is flat, but the Earth is actually round. Like, you're so far apart from the objective nature of the world, you know? It's, um, it's fascinating. So, the same idea applies for your judgment and self-image based beliefs. So, when it comes to your knowledge-based beliefs, we can- we can seek perfect alignment from, like, a factual perspective, you know? So like, you know, for example, like, there were, um... There are people that, you know... And- but I'm not gonna get political about this. But there- there are people that believe that COVID-19 was a scam and a hoax, and there are people that believe it wasn't even real, right? And, you know, there's lots of evidence to show that...... it very much was real, but, you know, some people are out of alignment, in that perspective, you know. Some people just truly believe that it didn't happen at all and that it was some 5G radiation scam or some conspiracy theory, right? And, you know, these people, you know, to me, to me, from my p- op- op- opinion and perspective, you know, they're not in alignment with the, with the true nature of the world, and therefore, you know, liable to make a mistake. But, anyway, it also applies to judgment and self-image. So it gets, it gets a little bit more nuanced here because as it stands right now, here's how it works. You have your current reality, right? So look around, like your current environment, but more importantly, your current life. The current, you know, if, if you did like a sort of metric check on your life, like your health, your relationships, your, your financial situation, where you are, like, you have your current reality. But then you have your goal reality. So you have your life right now, and then you have your dream life. But this time, instead of being objectively right or wrong, where we can actually measure the truth, you know, like, for example, with the earth being round, like, it, it's true. So if you don't believe that then there's something, you, you, you're not seeing the right thing. In the same way that, you know, it's not true that there's a North Face jacket on Big Ben. You know, this, this is, this is physical stuff that we can actually observe and, and really, like, get to grips with. With this stuff, instead of being objectively right or wrong, you're right or wrong based on a subjective measure, and that subjective measure is your goal. So this is, this is really, this is a really powerful idea here, because what you can do is you can use your goal and your, your, your, your mission and what you want to inform what you should believe to be true. So when it comes to these beliefs, to judgment and self-image-based beliefs, you are only right or wrong insofar as your belief is out of alignment, and I'm just gonna color these in. It's out of alignment with the achievement of a desired goal. Many beliefs you have right now prevent and limit you from achieving your goal reality, and therefore they are misaligned with the right beliefs. So simply put, your goal sets the conditions for what you should believe. The reality you want is manifestable, provided you have certain belief systems. If you have beliefs that inhibit or prevent the manifestation of your goal reality, then you are essentially misaligned. And these beliefs are wrong, and if you, if you have them then you're gonna fail. If you have beliefs that help you achieve your goal reality, then they are aligned and you are right. So it's also very important to understand that you don't get to choose what you should believe. So, what happens is, your goal sets the conditions for your beliefs. So if you want something to happen, then you need to change your beliefs so that you can make it happen. So what you want to do is you want to imagine that you nominate your goal, like you would a politician, to decide what is right. So instead of using your ego to form your beliefs, and instead of using your, you know, your ego and your, your, your, your, your sense of self, you know, to, to form what you believe you should happen, you let your goal decide. And this is how I have orientated my life and it's made me so rich, it's crazy. What you do, instead of, instead of thinking that you know what's right and wrong and that you know what you should and shouldn't do, you ask your goal. You go to your goal, which is what you want, and you say, "What do I need to believe to make you happen?" And then you just go and believe that. And you stop thinking that you know what's right or wrong, and you let your goal decide what's right or wrong. And once again, I'm not, I'm not talking about this, by the way, from a moral perspective, you know. Like, I'm not saying that you, like, it's, it's, you know, like for example if, if your goal is to be a serial killer, you know, and you start murdering people, then, uh, then, you know, then morally that's wrong. But from a, from this angle, yeah, technically that's right, because if you want something and you behave it out, then you're right to do so. But obviously killing people is terribly morally wrong, right? Hmm. Wrong, right, anyway. So, your goal leads the way and instructs you of what you should do and how you should behave, what laws to follow, what rules to abide by. Like, it's kind of how you'd vote for a politician. When you, when you select a goal, it is like you nominate, like, a politician and you trust that politician to, to guide you and, and, and inform your behavior and structure your life, right? So stop thinking that you know what's right and what's wrong, and use the wisdom of your goal. Because if you're not sure what you should believe, you know, all you have to do is ask yourself what you want, and then, then you know what you should believe. Because, you know, if you want to be a millionaire, and, you know, you're like, "Oh, I don't know what I should believe about money," well, if you want to be a millionaire, and that's everything that you want, then you better start believing that, you know, what a millionaire would believe. And so same thing applies here, right? So we can visualize this alignment using a similar diagram to before, but this time we're contending with the alignment of our judgment-based and self-image-based beliefs. So what we have over here on the right-hand side is our goal reality. And your goal reality is you, you know, in the future, being rich and being successful and having a successful business. It could be you with a six-pack. It could be you with, uh, your dream wife, right? And what your goal reality does is it forms what I call conditional judgment beliefs. So if I zoom in here, it forms conditional judgment beliefs and it forms conditional self-image beliefs. And these are the beliefs that you must form in order for you to achieve your goals, so they are conditional, which means that your goal depends on you having them. And so when you select a goal, it will, it, like a goal comes with conditions. It comes with, like, a sacrifice. It's like, if you want to achieve it, you know, here are the conditions, and the conditions are that you must have certain judgment beliefs and you must have certain self-image beliefs. And then what you have right now is you have your current reality, and you have your current judgment beliefs and your current self-image beliefs. And so whilst your goal informs the conditional, your current reality informs your current beliefs. So this is what you believe to be true right now. This is your ... And, and that's obviously producing this reality right now. But this is what you could believe to be true, and if you did believe this stuff to be true, your goal would happen.And so we can align this. So the same premise is exactly the same as before, right? So right now, you have a ton of beliefs that if you hold, directly limit and prevent you from achieving your goal reality. And so this is represented by this gap. So here's your current beliefs, here's what you need to believe, and if you believe this, you'd have your goal, and because you believe this, you have your reality. And your job is to challenge these beliefs and correct them and bring them into alignment with the beliefs that directly help you achieve your goal. And so what we want to do with our identity and with our judgments, so with our self-image beliefs and our judgment-based beliefs, we want to try to change them to align them with what we would need to believe to achieve our goal. And so for example, your goal might be to make 100K a year online passively. So this might be what you want. But right now, you might have a ton of judgment-based beliefs that limit you. So you might... Like, one thing that you might think right now is that, you know, you need a degree to make money, or passive income doesn't exist, or all make money online schemes are a scam, or it takes money to make money. Or maybe you have self-image-limiting beliefs like, "I'm not smart enough to make money," you know? Might be a self-image thing. "I don't have the motivation to work harder. I'm just too lazy to do it." You know, these are self-image beliefs and these are judgment beliefs, and if this is your goal, then we can't have these beliefs. Like, these beliefs directly limit you, and they, th- they create this separation where what you believe and see is wildly different to what you need to believe and see. And so your, your objective and your job, you know, with, with this belief thing is right now, you're pretty far apart from what, what you need to believe. And so what, what I'm going to help you do with this training is bring your belief systems closer to that which you need to believe to become successful and closer, and then we're going to start to have some overlap, where you still got some limiting beliefs, but you, you're starting to sort of adopt this new identity and this new judgment. And then, like, you know, we're getting closer and we're really starting to align. And then we're, like, completely aligned, where what you believe to be true is what you need to believe to be true to achieve your goal. And what that will do is it will completely abolish your current reality, that this star would just disappear. And, you know, once you have perfect alignment, your current reality will align with your goal reality. This takes some time and there's a lot of latency between starting to believe the right things and your reality catching up. So it really takes time for the world to catch up to your new beliefs. But, you know, what we can see here is this perfect alignment, right? You can see this here, but we- we- we've taken our, our identity and our judgments and we've, we've aligned them with what we need. And, like, once you've got this perfect alignment here, as you can sort of see, if I zoom in, you can see we've achieved perfect alignment. But what will happen is, like, it's a transition. So over time, what happens is once you're aligned and once you start believing the correct thing, is your current reality will start to shift. And it will start to shift just closer and closer and closer to your goal reality, where, you know, it starts getting closer and closer, then it will start overlapping. And then before you know it, you've got perfect alignment of, of your reality, which is where what you have right now is exactly what you wanted. And this is how you get what you want, is you start by asking yourself, "What do I need to believe to be true in order for me to partake in the behaviors and the actions that would give ascent to my, to my goal reality? You ask yourself that question, you start changing your beliefs, you start rewiring your brain, you start creating new experiences and seeing the world through a different way, you start slowly overlapping these things where you start kind of becoming the person that can make it happen. And then before you know it, you believe these things and, you know, you start to confirm them and, you know, suddenly, you are taking sales calls, and now you've got clients, and now you're making money by yourself, and now you've got autonomy and financial freedom. And, you know, this, this is a slow process, so at the beginning, like, even though you're kind of, like, half-believing them and you'll kind of slightly overlap, like, you know, your, your reality just starts to shift ever so slightly, and then it shifts a little bit more, and then a little bit more, then it starts to overlap. Like, this is, this, this point here is, like, maybe you start f- you sign your first client, you know? And, and then maybe here, you, you're now making, like, a couple of thousand a month, and now you're here, like, making 10K a month. And all of that was upstream of you aligning your belief systems. And it's not binary, right? So, you know, your reality will start to shift around this point. So as soon as you get any level of alignment and overlap between what you need to believe and what you believe, like, this is when your reality will start to shift. So, you know, where it starts moving slightly closer and you start booking appointments and maybe you're like, you know, you're starting to become more confident, like, that starts to happen around this point. But then once you get, like, you know, you, you start to sort of eclipse yourself with your belief systems and you're fully aligned, then it's like bang, this is when you're signing clients, you're making money, like, you kind of become unrecognizable to loved ones And I mean that in a good way, by the way. And, and this is basically the job, is it's, is it's, like, "What do I want? What's my goal? Okay, like, what do I need to believe to be true to make that happen?" And, and it really is about this, like, whether you're right or wrong or not, from my perspective, it depends on whether or not it aligns with your goal. Like, it is as simple as that. Like, for example, I want to be a billionaire, right? I want to build a massive company and change the world and do all sorts of good stuff with business. And if I believe, you know, that I'm terrible at hiring people, then I'm screwed because that's a, that's a, that's the wrong belief to have. And, you know, there, there is no sort of right or wrong in so far as that what you need to believe might be completely different to someone else. It's probably very similar because you're in this program to make money, but someone might want to not have a business and they might, they might just want to dedicate their life to being, like, a monk, or they might want to dedicate their life to being, like, a philosopher. And, you know, if they want to be the best philosopher ever, then they're gonna need to align their beliefs with it. So that's subjugating reality. And, you know, th- there's more to this, there's more to this (laughs), you know? Trust me, there's... We're not finished with this belief stuff yet. But at this point in the training, you know, you really should be starting to understand it's all about your beliefs and it's all about what you believe to be true And, you know, as we move into the next video, we're going to really start getting into, like, changing your beliefs and creating these experiences and, like, how we start making this shift and how we can start, you know, d- changing our paradigm and this, that and the other. Because, you know, if you, if you do see your belief as a, as a, uh, uh, all of your beliefs collected together, if you see them as a map, you know, imagine that you're looking for a pirate's treasure. All you need to do to find the treasure is have the right map. And that's kind of my point here, is right now, you're following the wrong map, because if you follow your map, you get what you get, which is not what you want. So instead, I'm trying to give you a new map, like a, an updated one that has all of the, you know, the information you need, which is basically the beliefs. And, you know, if I can impart that map with you and give it to you, you can follow it and you will X marks the spot, you will find the treasure, and you will become successful. And then obviously, you'll invest in EasyGrow and I'll be a very happy man. So here's what we've covered. We'll talk more about this in the next video 'cause we're not done. This is like a, "I told you, this mindset thing is not, it's not going to be an easy..." (laughs) You know? It's, uh, I wish I could just tell you, "Just do the work," 'cause that's really all it comes down to, is just, like, "Hey, man, just go and do the outreach and the sales calls." But i- i- i- it's not, it's not... You, you need this stuff, you know? It's, it's really deeper than just like, "Hey, man, like, okay, so all you need to do is just go and send some..." Like ... build your foundations, send some outreach, and do sales calls. That's all you really need to do, right? And get good at what you do. But doing that, and, and you actually getting up in the morning and doing that every day, like, in order for, for you to do that, like, consistently, you need to have some big shifts in your mind and the way your brain works. And that's that, this is how I solidify the change instead of it just being temporary. So we talked about omniscience summary, and we kind of summarized achieving omniscience. Um, we discussed, like, belief conditioning and how, like, you know, you are psychologically and genetically sort of loaded at birth to believe certain things, and you can be biased. We talked about belief structure. So a big one, you know, we, we kind of went into this whole idea of, um, the scales and, you know, how, how beliefs are sort of, you know, scales or the level of intensity, and all it really is, is basically just stacking rocks, where, you know, you, you, like, an experience is a rock, and you either stack it as false or true, and it's paralleled to the opposite, and this is how you sort of structure your belief systems and, and basically how they work. Um, so we discussed that. We also discussed belief feedback loops as well. So we talked about how, like, you know, when you believe something, then you seek to confirm it, which means you believe it even more, which means you seek to confirm it even more, and, you know, we create experiences and, you know, before we know it, like, our experiences create our beliefs. Then our beliefs create our action, which creates more experiences of the same, and then it goes around and around and around until we get this sort of exponential, you know, solidification of belief. Then we talked about belief memory utility, which is basically, like, you know, the evolutionary reason your beliefs form is for efficiency. And, you know, by, by having these simple little models of, of, of the way the world works, you know, we, we have this reality cartography thing where we, we basically map reality using our beliefs, and it's the only real way that we can navigate this thing and that our brain can guarantee immediate present survival. Then we talked about macro and micro paradigms. So we talked about how, like, you can have, like, a, a dominant component of your paradigm, depending on, like, the volume of beliefs associated with it, and how some components will be more dominant than others in terms of how you see the world. And, um, last but not least, we talked about this idea of right and wrong and alignment. And to solidify this and just reiterate it, like, you know, you have the objective right and wrong, which is, you know, when you... when there is a true objective nature of reality in the world that you can observe. And, you know, you can either observe it, uh, i- in its tr- most true form, as its objective form or, you know, you can be totally wrong. But then on the other flip side, we have a subjective right and wrong, which is where you have beliefs and they are only right or wrong depending on your goal and what you want to achieve. And if, if they give assent to the goal and they help you achieve the goal, then they are right, and if they are, you know, if they don't do that and if they, if they limit your goal and inhibit your goal, then they are wrong. And, you know, your, your job here is trying to get as much alignment between these things as possible so that your current reality can sort of shift and mold, and before you know it, you've got this total alignment where you've become, you know, that person that you need to be and you're very successful So I'm, I'm proud of you because you're doing very well so far. Like, I'm sure you're taking notes, paying attention. I'm sure you've been, you know, like, not getting distracted and, and really locking in, and you, you know, probably starting to feel pretty positive how, like, how these things are, like, possible. You know, you're probably starting to get a bit excited here because p- you're like, "Hang on a minute. This is actually, like, doable." Like, yes, it is. Hold onto that feeling (laughs) 'cause it's possible, man. Like, all these things make sense, brother, I promise you. Sister, if you're watching this. All these things make sense. And, you know, I would encourage you to revisit these videos as much as you can because... Don't forget this stuff. Trust me. It took me eight years to learn it, and sometimes it still slips from my memory. But it makes life very simple, and it brings order to chaos. So that's everything for subjugating reality, and I look forward to seeing you in the next video. Cheers