# 2.7. Unrelenting Discipline

(music) Hey everyone, Charlie Morgan here, and welcome to Unrelenting Discipline. If you want to become successful, and if you want to get rich, and you want to be in a good place in life, then you need discipline. It is literally impossible to become successful without discipline. And the level to which you are disciplined, and the level to which you exercise your willpower against your pain and your suffering, is the level to which you will succeed and get rich. Most human beings rely on motivation for their source of energy when it comes to exerting themselves, and so if they want to get in shape, they'll wait until they feel motivated to go to the gym. Or if they want to eat clean, they'll wait until they feel inspired to eat what they knew they need to eat to lose weight. And the same thing is true with work. Most entrepreneurs and most people who try and start businesses, they only do the work when they feel like it, or they only do the work when they have an overwhelming wave of positive emotion. Well, what I can tell you is that on your journey towards success with this program and your business and your life, you're going to go through, um, tough d- tough days, tough weeks, tough months, sometimes even tough years or God forbid, tough decades. And life's going to throw things at you, and you're not going to feel great, and you need to be able to do the work and continuously exercise your willpower in spite of how you feel. And the way you do that is through discipline. Now, hyper- hyper-successful people, people at the top of their game, people who make the eight figures, the nine figures, the best in the world at what they do, are disciplined on a level that you and most people cannot even comprehend. And what we're going to do in this video is explore how to comprehend it, but more importantly, how to actually do it, because discipline is a skill, and it's a muscle. In the same way that you can do bicep curls to grow your arms, you can also do discipline curls to grow your discipline. And every time that you do something that is hard that you don't want to do, you become slightly more disciplined. And if you do that for a long time, then boy oh boy, you're going to be unrecognizable. This is how you win. This is how you beat people. It's very, very, very hard to out-compete someone who has more discipline than you. In fact, I'd go as far to say it's impossible, okay? So what you can see in the back here are a couple of monks, and when we think about discipline, we think about monk mode or monk-like discipline, because, you know, these guys dedicate their entire lives to, you know, nothing but discipline, and they're pretty inspiring, which is why I chose them for the, the slideshow here. So as you can see, this is a very long video. This video is no small feat. We've got a 55-page Google Doc to go through on discipline and how it works, and this video has taken me about a month to complete, and an awful lot of discipline as well, ironically. So without further ado, here's what we're going to cover. Total discipline, delaying gratification, all or nothing, sacrifice: giving to get, focus, projections and mirrors, client mirror, the endless source, achieving consistency, athletic recovery, homeostatic disciplinary regulation, battery theory, discipline debt, asymmetric charging, battery efficiency, draining intensity, disproportionate actions, burnout, integrated rest, habitual discipline conservation, and delusional rest. Discipline's quite a deep topic. You can't just watch a 30-second David Goggins Instagram reel and know what you know- know what you need to know to have that sort of level of discipline. And so what I've decided to do here is, is basically compile ten years of knowledge and experience with this topic and put it into this one video. And needless to say, that wasn't a very easy thing to do. But more importantly, um, I think this is probably going to be one of the most important videos that I've ever made, because if you get the discipline thing right, like, you can't be beaten. It's very hard to beat someone who's disciplined. So, let's have a look. So as you can see, we've got the infamous 55-page Google Doc here, (laughs) um, which will be available in, in the description, of course, of the video, as per usual. So welcome to Unrelenting Discipline. Here we will explore how to become hyper-disciplined and how true masters of sport, business, and other realms of life get to the top. Discipline truly is the tool of the master, and it's the big secret behind the success of anyone who is won. So when we think about a tool, a tool is something that you use to become successful. And, you know, in the- at least in the context of success, and discipline really is something you use. It's like, it's, you know, it's like you've got to imagine in life you've got like a mental tool belt of different things. So you've got the tool of your intelligence, you've got, you've got the tool of all sorts of different things, but you've got the tool of discipline, and sometimes in life you're going to have to be able to pull that thing out and use it. Hyper-successful people are disciplined on a level that you cannot fathom, but after this video, not only will you be able to fathom it, but you'll be able to do it as well. Now, there's three very important definitions that you need to understand to get the most out of this video. So what actually is discipline and how do we define it? Because you might think you know what it is, um, but it's nice to have some common ground of understanding to, to um, to get to grips with this before we pull it apart for a few hours. So discipline is doing the work, okay? And really it exists in two forms. So it's mental and physical exertion.And what exertion basically means is, is, is using your energy to do things, right? And do- using your energy to do things you usually don't want to do. But the other side of discipline is resisting impulse. So when we talk about doing the work, it's talking about exerting yourself. So for example, I'm recording this program video right now for you, and I am mentally exerting myself in the process, and so I'm exercising discipline as we speak. And also, you also have to resist impulses. So, you know, as you're exerting yourself or as you're working, you might have impulses to check your phone or you might have, you know, you might be out shopping and have an impulse to buy something you don't need, or you might have the impulse to play a video game or, you know, um, open up Instagram reels or something, right? These are impulses, little, you know, pockets of emotion that encourage our body to move towards an action that, that, that, that satiates that emotion and gratifies it, and we don't wanna do that. When we talk about work, well, we, we talked about this in Trial By Fire, and, you know, we can define work as meeting resistance with effort. So we know from Trial By Fire days that resistance basically manifests when we try and do something because of our current sense of self, it comes in all sorts of different forms, and the way that we combat that is with effort, and when resistance meets effort, we get pain, which is basically just work. And then we also need to understand the term rest. This is ceasing to work, so mental or physical inactivity. So discipline has an opposite, and the opposite of discipline is rest. And this is when you're not working and you're relaxing and chilling out and not exerting yourself. And rest is extremely important, because we're gonna talk about how to become really disciplined and how to get really good at the skill of discipline, but what we need to learn to do is we also need to learn to rest, and we need to learn how to recover, because discipline takes a pretty remarkable toll on our psychology and physiology and our body and our, our biology. You know, it's, it's, it's, it's tough to keep this going. And so if you want to learn how to be disciplined, then you also need to learn how to rest as well. And this is a really interesting topic of discussion that no one in this space talks about. You know, we've got the manosphere, like, you know, online digital culture of grind, grind, grind, hustle, hustle, hustle, do the work, do the work, do the work, but no one talks about rest and recovery and time off, and it's stupid that they don't. And we're gonna talk a lot about that, um, in the second half of the video. And it's just as important to know how to rest as it is to know how to discipline yourself, okay? So total discipline. At this point in the training, you have a clear vision of who you need to become. You understand beliefs, pain, and reality on a level understood by very few people on this planet, and you have a pretty good advantage because of this. So, you know, there's seven, eight billion people on the planet, and you now understand some of these core things that drive success better than 99.999999999999999% of them, right? So you've got a pretty cool advantage. But it's all now down to daily execution and staying on the rails, because you can understand all of this stuff, this mindset stuff, the business abstractions and the theory, but really, once you understand it, you've gotta execute. It's having the discipline to get up and do it every day. Success is ultimately the sum of your willpower, which is the ability to control yourself, your impulses, and your actions. Willpower allows you to do something difficult without getting u- giving up or getting distracted, and it's basically just discipline, so willpower, discipline, same thing. Most people rely on motivation to get things done, but the issue is that motivation is fickle and fleeting, and motivation is like a warm bath. You can sit in it and it feels great for a while, but it gets cold pretty damn quick, and it goes away. And so most people rely on motivation, and because they rely on motivation, and their belief systems are tied up with the idea that they can't do anything if they're not motivated to do it, then if they don't have motivation, they have to wait for motivation to come back around again before they can do anything. So, you know, your average normal human has a belief system locked into their brain that states the truth or the perceived truth that I can only do the work if I'm motivated to do so, and you've probably seen this. It's pretty prevalent with a lot of people these days who are unsuccessful. True masters and killers rely on discipline, not motivation. Self-discipline is the ability to control your emotions and your impulses and defeat your weaknesses So let's start with delaying gratification, because ultimately when we exercise discipline, the, the thing that we, the thing that we are trying to do when we exercise discipline is to delay gratification, and delaying gratification is basically having some time elapse between doing something painful and receiving the reward for doing the thing that's painful. So the secret to disciplining yourself is to train your brain to think about the long term and live accordingly to your longer term goals. So you have to hook yourself on long term gratification, and this basically means that you wait for reward. And so you're doing this actively right now by having made your way, um, through the program this far, you know, having been through all the foundational videos. Like, you know, you're putting in work, you're paying attention, you're taking notes, you're doing the action items, you're, you know, telling your friends about the program, you're doing all s- all sorts of things, and you're, you're probably not... you haven't seen any rewards yet. You know, at this point in the training, we've, we've gone through your, your business foundations and..... what you're going to sell and who you're going to sell to and, you know, we- we're starting to build your mindset and w- we're getting really, you know, clear on that and you're- you're getting real clear on who you need to become, and, you know, we've done a lot of personal work here, but you've probably been doing stuff for the last couple of weeks, but you- you haven't got a client yet, you haven't made any money yet, and you haven't received any real tangible reward. And that's perfectly normal and perfectly acceptable and this is just delaying gratification. And, you know, you might have to wait a little bit longer to get a client and make some money. And business is basically synonymous to delaying gratification where you do lots of work now and lots of suffering and pain now with no reward. Think about me building this program. I've been working on week one and week two of this course, so the foundations and mindset module, for the best part of, uh, six to nine months just to make, like, you know, 14 videos. That sucks and I'm not going to see the effect of this until I launch the program and until clients start going through it and people start, you know, scheduling to buy EasyGrow and referring their friends and growing it and, you know, I'm- I've- I'm gonna have to work like a full, basically, a full year on this thing pretty much, um, before I receive any level of reward at all. It's a year of pain with no reward. That's delaying gratification and it requires a lot of discipline to do that. When you do something, you don't see the positive effect of that thing for weeks, months, years or even decades and those are the things that you want to do. This is what masters of any field are capable of. Every action they take is pegged against the long term. So, if you think about an Olympian, a professional athlete, let's take a, um, a 100-meter sprinter, right? That person could train for, you know, a decade and not receive any gratification or reward until the day of the Olympics. You know, so they start training when they're, you know, nine years old and they enter the Olympics when they're 20 or something. That's like 11 years of- of pain just for one moment of gratification and that's what the masters are good at. The alternative to delayed gratification is instant gratification, which is probably what you're quite familiar with. This is basically experiencing instant pleasure without any delay or latency. Latency, by the way, means delay. You want it and you want it now. So YouTube, Netflix, sugar, comments, views, smoking, drugs, music, drinking, partying, gossip, vaping, processed foods, seed oils, you name it, you want it now. Most people are hooked on instant gratification and because of this, their lives are incredibly miserable. So, you know, most people's brains, they just- th- they just operate on this constant instant gratification thing and that the real problem with this is, you know, most people who are normal civilians and not entrepreneurs, you know, that kind of stage that you- you're- you're not so much a civilian anymore because you're going through this, you wanna become a business owner, et cetera, but like most people, their brains are hooked on instant gratification and when they get into business or when they try and do anything that requires delayed gratification, they quit and give up because their brain is so hardwired to expect instantaneous results that when they do work and don't see instant results, they think it's a scam or they think that it's just not gonna, it's not gonna work. And this happens a lot with people who are like, "Oh, like, you know, courses are scams. Like I- I've gotta... What you mean I've gotta do months of work and not make any money? Scam." That's just like a- that's just someone basically translating their idiocy into words because their brain is so hooked on instant gratification. Like, "Yeah, all right, mate, why don't you just pull your vape back out and fuck off?" To encode delayed gratification into your life, you must do all of the following 10 things. So really there's- there's 10 things that feed delayed gratification and thicken the neural pathways that will allow you to delay gratification in your life. So first of all, the most important one is to resist impulses because the gateway to experiencing instant gratification is impulse and an impulse is a- basically an emotional... A- a- a temporary fleeting emotional uprising in your brain that makes you feel like you should do something to receive an instantaneous reward. So, you know, when you're scrolling through, I don't know, Instagram Reels at 1:00 AM and, you know, you see a really attractive woman and, you know, there's a link in the bio, you know there's a link in the bio and you're like, "Oh, maybe I should go and like go to some dirty website and masturbate," that's an impulse, right? You know, or maybe you're sat there and it's Sunday and it's 4:00 PM and you're watching a movie and, you know, out of nowhere comes the impulse for you to order a burger and some fries and just, you know, indulge. That's an impulse. Or, you know, maybe you're addicted to vaping or smoking, um, and, you know, you're- you're sat there and then, oh, you're like, "Oh, where's my- where's my vape?" And then you just like... Uh, you go- you go and start looking for it and then you start panicking because you can't find it. These are impulses, okay? So you need to resist them and you need to get good at resisting them. Or sleep. Go to bed and wake up at the same time every day without wavering. So sleep is a really good form of- of self-discipline and if you can nail your sleep and you can delay that gratification to just go to bed at the right time, wake up at the right time, that will compound over time. Gratitude. So give thanks for what you have every day and recognize your blessings because what we need to learn to do is understand that anything that's good in your life that you have right now, you need to associate that with having delayed the gratification to get it. So there might be something you've got going for you, you know, something that you've done for a while that is- is paying off and maybe you- maybe you're in like a- maybe you're in decent shape or, you know, maybe you've got something going for you, maybe you've got a good relationship or something, be grateful for those things and exercise gratitude to, you know, encourage future delayed gratification behaviors. Goals. Always keep your eye on the prize and never forget your goal. Look at it daily. If you remember why you're delaying gratification and doing what you're doing and putting yourself through the pain to receive the reward then you'll keep doing it. As soon as you forget what the reward is you stop caring about it and your behavior will wane and you'll start being an idiot. Organization. Keep your email, phone, desktop, house, office, bedroom, everything clean. So you want to keep everything in your life neat, tidy and organized because if you do this then it's way easier for you to be disciplined. So like, you know, for example if we- if we have a look at my, um, my laptop background here what you can see is pretty much nothing. So there's n- I'm not- I'm not existing in this like chaotic state where I've got 100 different folders and- and everything. You know, I've got a VSL that I'm working on here, I've got the slides for this video, um, some graphics for this- this VSL and then just a workout split that I'm gonna add to my phone. Then I've got my aca- the academy that I'm working on and then some other stuff in here. And this is- this- this- this level of organization is true for my phone. I don't have any apps on my phone, I don't have any notifications on, my office is neat and tidy, my house and bedroom are clean, everything's organized, clean and neat and tidy and put away. Because when your- when your environment's both digitally and physically are optimized in this way it's incredibly easy to do the right thing and behave properly. And time management. So plan your time meticulously and always have a prioritized list on lock. So you should always know what you- what you need to do and you should always have a to-do list in place to make sure that- ... that you're doing the right things and that's how you're gonna keep yourself accountable to the right behavior. And you wanna plan your time, so you wanna plan your days, you wanna plan your hours, you wanna plan your weeks, you wanna plan your time off, you wanna plan your months, you wanna plan your quarters, and you need to have a nice linear to-do list of everything you need to do so that you don't go off the rails and keep yourself clean. Now, similar to sleep, diet. Cut everything except single ingredient foods. Simplify it and stick to it. You know, it sounds weird to have dietary advice in a business training video, but I cannot tell you if you, if you cut out all foods except single ingredient foods, like raw single ingredient foods, I cannot tell you how much more money you're gonna make. Because when you do this, you're gonna drastically reduce the inflammation in your brain, which is gonna raise your clarity, reduce your brain fog, and give you more energy and focus, which will allow you to execute on tasks with more efficiency and effectiveness. But also, like, you're, you're not gonna have crazy energy spikes or crazy emotional spikes because you're not putting, you know, weird chemicals or manufactured organic material into your body that your body's not supposed to naturally digest and deal with. And it might seem like a weird thing to say, "Oh, just eat clean, you'll make more money," but trust me, you will. And anyone who's successful will tell you this. It's like boxers, they don't like to eat shit food because then they've got to exercise on shit food, 'cause shit food doesn't really burn a clean flame, and that means that their training sessions are fueled by dirty flames, right? And that tends to not work very well. And then exercise. So work out at least four to five times a week with intensity regardless of your mood. So, you know, exercise your body, put yourself through some physical pain, and if you get this thing right as well as the diet and the sleep, your body's gonna be naturally energized and conjuring up discipline and willpower is significantly easier when you've slept well, you've eaten well, and you, your body has been exercised. And love suffering. So remember to love and embrace the trial by fire, and meet effort with resistance and face the pain and look to love it. Fall in love with the pain. And persistence. You need to do all of these things every day, all day, without wavering, come hell or high water, okay? So I don't care if you're sick, I don't care if someone's died, I... Well, I would, I would have sympa- empathy for you there, and I'd certainly care, but for the sake of taking the, um, the, the stance of your, um, slightly harsh mentor, I don't care if you're going through a bad time, I don't care how anxious you feel, I don't care how depressed you feel, I don't care what your parents say, I don't care what your friends are doing, I don't care h- how you're feeling. You have to do these things all day every day, because any excuse you find to slip on one of these things is an excuse you find to slip on your goals and slip on your life and basically end up at 85, 90 years old on your deathbed, miserable and unhappy because you didn't listen to some random dude on the internet. Okay? So do them, come hell or high water. (clears throat) And discipline is an all or nothing affair. So if you want results and if you want this mindset thing to really, truly work, then you have to be all in. So you can't just think, "Oh, I'm just gonna work really hard on my business." Because remember, we don't have business problems, we have personal problems that reflect in our business. And so, you know, if you're, if you're trying really hard in business and you're working really hard but you're eating like shit, you're not exercising, you're sleeping like rubbish, you're not grateful for anything, you forget your goals, you're messy and not organized, then yeah, you might become a little bit successful, but significantly less than otherwise. This success thing is an all or nothing affair. You need to be on top form everywhere in your life. There is no room in any component of your life for you to slack off and, and basically seek instant gratification, 'cause that's what slacking off is. And so these are the main components of your life that you need to be disciplined in. First of all, business. You need to be pushing the business forward constantly as hard as you can. And so what happens is people try and just do the business thing and they ignore the other seven things and then the business fails and then they say, "Oh, n- it's all right though, because nine out of 10 businesses fail." Fucking hell. Pull your vape back out, mate. Anyway, finances. Saving money, being smart, investing wisely, and not spending like an idiot. You need to be disciplined with your money and your personal finances. And your body. You need to be exercising, eating clean, sleeping well, and taking your health seriously. And your mind. You need to be meditating, keeping yourself in check, and managing your emotions and your mental health and keeping your mind sharp and intelligent. And focus. You need to be focusing on one thing at a time, keeping your mind clear, sharp, and singular. So no multitasking, no, no bullshit. Social. Removing bad friends and people that don't help you achieve your goals. And dopamine. You need to learn to manage your dopamine levels, not overstimulate yourself or let yourself become limbically hijacked. So limbically hijacking or becoming limbically hijacked is basically what happens when you expose yourself to a stimulus that essentially hijacks your limbic system and bypasses your consciousness and, and forces you to act on things without thinking about it. Primary example would be going to Pornhub and then you see a thumbnail and a title and you don't even know why you clicked it, but you did. That's, you've just, you've p- you, you've allowed a, a, a corporation to...... hijack your neurochemistry, so don't go there. Don't visit the website in the first place, you bloody idiot. Knowledge, constantly learning new things and becoming an information sponge. So you need to learn that this is all or nothing. It's not just business, it's not just making money, it's not just getting clients and doing outreach and doing sales calls. You need to be on form with your finances, your body, your mind, your focus, your social life and relationships, your dopamine, and your knowledge. And the reason you need to be all in, and the reason this is all or nothing, is because how you do one thing is how you do everything. How you do one thing is how you do everything. Discipline is a universal currency, and so is laziness. So what you need to realize is your brain is programmed in a certain... Your b- your brain is programmed in a certain way, and we wanna program it towards discipline. And on a neurochemical level, on a, on a, on a bra- basic brain level, right? On a limbic level, your brain cannot tell the difference between tasks. So if you're dealing with your relationships or socializing, or if you're reading, or if you're training and working out, or if you're exercising, or if you're working, or if you're doing a sales call, your brain, on, on a limbic level, it's not... It, it doesn't have this, like, conscious thing. It's just a, it's just a, a ball of biology. So it doesn't have situational context. It's binary. It's ones and zeros. And what that means is that your brain does everything the same way, because it doesn't have context. So it's not gonna, it's not gonna chemically prioritize business over exercise. It's just gonna use the same behavioral mechanism to act on both things. And so what you need to learn to do is exercise discipline in every area of your life, because what that, what that will basically ensure is that your default mode for dealing with everything is discipline. So lazy people struggle with business and doing work because their default mode, their default brain operating system is laziness. So in the same way that if I, if you lo- if... I've got a MacBook right now that I'm recording this video on. If I open up, um, Google Maps, then the MacBook doesn't know that I've opened up Google Maps. It's not conscious, right? But what the MacBook does is it uses its macOS operating software to run Google Maps, and it will use the same operating software to run Microsoft Word, and it will use the same operating software to run Google Chrome. So think about different components in your life as, like, programs or apps for a computer, and you have a... Your brain has an operating software, and it will use that operating software to run every single program in your life, whether that's your, your mind, your body, your focus, your social life, your dopamine, your knowledge, your business, your finances. It deals with the, it deals with everything in the same way. And so what you need to learn to do is discipline yourself in every component of your life so that your natural default mode for operation, your default operating system for every program you run in your life or every app you run in your mind, is discipline. Because if you're seeking instant gratification in one area of your life, then this will seep into every other area of your life and destroy your chances of being successful. So this is why, for example, if I'm eating food for lunch, I will avoid watching YouTube or scrolling through short-form content or watching a movie, because what that means is I'm training my brain to do that in other areas of my life. So it means when I sit down to work, my brain's default mode is slightly un- biased towards, you know, wanting to watch some videos or listen to a podcast whilst I work. Like, if you try... If you multitask in different areas of your life, then you will bring that into work, and you cannot get away with anything. Any, any mode of behavior that you facilitate outside of business and work will seep into your work, so it's crucial that you're airtight everywhere. And how someone works out is how they will work. So, you know, if you, if when you're working out, you know, if, if you're working out and you, you know, you get to the point, you know, you're doing, like, a, a set. You know, let's say you're doing a set of bench press. You know, and if you're sort of, like, getting a little tired and you kinda can't be bothered to do some more reps, then you're gonna carry that energy and that mode of behavior into your work. And how someone socializes is how they will work. So, you know, if someone's got a massive social circle and, you know, they've got a really divergent social circle and they're tr- they're constantly making new friends and filling this social void, then what they're gonna do at work is bring that in. They're gonna try and, you know, talk to loads of people and be really extroverted and probably get nothing done. And how someone watches a movie is how they will work. So when you watch a movie, are you sat on your phone or are you actually paying attention? Are you having to indulge in sugar and popcorn and stuff whilst you do it, or can you just sit and watch it? How you do that is how you will work. And how someone sleeps is how they will work. So if you've got a nice, clean, regimented sleeping pattern where you go to bed at the same time, wake up at the same time, and you, you sleep properly, you'll do the same thing with your work. And how someone reads is how they will work. So all of your behaviors, all of them, will feed into your work. It's impossible for your brain to differentiate between tasks. It treats everything the same, with the same mechanism, and your brain works on familiarity and application. Whatever mode is most familiar with the brain is the mode it will apply to work. Now, if you're seeking delayed gratification in your work but instant gratification everywhere else in your life, then your work will suffer and your business will fail. And this is because the brain will use the easiest default mode to deal with whatever it's familiar with.Okay? So like I just said, if you're, you know, if you're seeking instant gratification in other areas of your life, then you will seek it in your work and it's impossible to find in your work, so you're going to give up or start doing shit that's stupid and won't actually get you results. Becoming successful requires you to be great in every area of your life, not just the business. You need to smash it with your finances, your personal finances, right? Your body, your mind, your focus, your social life, your dopamine, your knowledge, and all other areas of your life if you want to win and succeed. Why? Well, it's because people don't have business problems, they have personal problems that will reflect in their business. And a business is basically put on top of the founder's life, and you can imagine business is like pressure. So, you know, when, when you're just existing, you know, when you're just living as a normal civilian, you, you know, you can get away with this shit. You know, if you've just got a nine-to-five, you know, you just, you're just working in a restaurant or something or you're just chilling, like, you can get away with being a little hungover at work or, you know, eating loads of shit food and being really tired in the afternoon or, you know, having a chaotic social life or having a toxic relationship. Like, these things, like, they don't... If you bring them into work, it doesn't really matter because you have no ambition or desire to, you know, rapidly grow your career. But the second that you assume the responsibility of a business and you have this, this entity and employees and suddenly it's like, you know, you've got this becoming self that you've got to, you've got to become, you start to become responsible and this is pressure. So you can imagine that, like, a person with, with a shitty life, it's like having cracks in their life, and, you know, if you're a submarine and you have a crack in your hull, so if there's a crack in the submarine, then that might not be a problem at the surface of the ocean. But the second the submarine submerges down deep into the water, the water pressure increases and any little crack is vastly expanded and will explode. And so this is my point, is the size of the... The bigger your business gets, the more pressure that's put on you, and if there's cracks in your life or there's issues in your life, then the pressure will expose those cracks and your business will fall apart because of them. There's no room to have cracks, okay? You truly cannot get away with anything. So that addiction you've got, that habit you've got, that person in your life, that snack you eat every night, that YouTube video you watch, that YouTuber you watch, outside of, um, educational content, that show, it's all gotta go. You have to seek greatness and perfection everywhere. And this moves me on to my next topic, which is sacrifice, giving to get. So let me ask you a, a rhetorical question, because obviously parasocially you cannot answer through this video. How bad do you want to be successful? If I asked you that question, you'd probably say, "Yeah, real bad." And, you know, if you ask most people this question, they say, "Yeah, really badly. Like, I really want to be successful. Like, I want success as much as I want to breathe. You know that, they, they quote that motivational video that you might have seen. Maybe you haven't. But everyone says they want it. Everyone says they want to succeed. Everyone says, "Yeah, I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna... I really, I really want to... I want it real bad." Now, the problem with this is it's very easy to say that you want success, but it's another thing to prove it, because everyone says they want it, but no one proves it. How do you prove it? What's the true measure of how bad you want to be successful? One word: sacrifice. Giving things up. This is the true measure of your desire to succeed. There is no greater telltale sign of how successful someone's going to be than how much they're willing to sacrifice for that success. People talk a big game and say they're hungry to succeed, but the minute you tell them to sacrifice something they care about, or the minute they realize they have to sacrifice something they care about, they reveal their true character and their true priorities. You have to learn to worship success, and when you worship something, you naturally have to make sacrifices for it. So religious people understand this. If, you know, if you believe in God, um, or if someone believes in God, then they worship that God and they will sacrifice things in their life for God. You know, they'll sacrifice their time and... By going to the church or to the mosque, and, you know, they'll, they'll sacrifice, um, behaviors, like lustful behaviors or pr- or proud behaviors, or all sorts of things that you might want to do that would feel pretty pleasurable, you have to sacrifice for, you know, for the God you believe in, whether that be Jesus, Mohammed, or, um, you know, there's plenty of religions. But you get my point. Every activity or thing in your life that isn't related to the achievement of your goal must be eliminated immediately. I don't care about your emotions. I don't care about your feelings or your reaction to this statement. You're welcome to hang on to your thing, but just know if you do, it will cost you everything. And if you don't sacrifice things for your goal, your goal will become the sacrifice. So you're probably thinking right now there's probably a few things in your life that you know you need to get rid of but you don't want to. Fucking get rid of them. If you're not willing to sacrifice those things, then you will not become successful. It is as simple as that. Get rid of them. Okay? We'll talk about it. So here's a list of everything... Well, it's not really everything. The list would probably be more comprehensive than this. But here's a list of everything that I could list in five minutes that I sacrificed to become a multimillionaire. So I got rid of sugar, which sucked because you have cravings and withdrawals and you go through, um, something called keto flu, which is very unpleasant, and getting yourself off sugar is... Or, well, carbs as well, is, is tough, is difficult. Um, alcohol and heavy drinking, smoking, so y- quitting smoking, that kind of sucks. Late nights, lay-ins, parties. I s- I basically sacrificed my 20s, like, my s- my... The social life. You know, when... I put uni library here because I've got a fond memory. Wasn't so fond at the bloody time, but there... I used to go to university, um, at a university called Plymouth University in the UK, down southwest of the UK, and the library of the university was called the... I think it's, like, the Charles Selhaine Library or something like that. And every night, my flatmates and my friends would host parties, because I lived in student accommodation, so university halls, um, or dorm rooms as you'd call it in America. And every night, my friends and flatmates would host parties and, you know, they'd buy loads of drinks and alcohol and drugs and... You know, we do, like... In the UK, you have this thing called pre-drinks, which is where you drink in your flat before you go out and then you drink more and then you end up seriously regretting that Um, but they'd have parties and th- the parties would be at my flat, um, and, you know, what I, what I would do is I would... I'd pick up my gym bag, you know, at, like, 7:00 PM, and I would, um, walk myself, um, over to the university campus, which was about a 15, 20-minute walk, and in my bag I'd bring books and my laptop. And what I would do is I would go to the library and I would sit there and speed-read self-help business books until 11:00 PM, twelve, 12:00 AM. Then I'd go home, cook some food, and go to sleep, because I knew that by 11:00 or 12:00 AM, the local club, which was called Prism... (laughs) If you've ever been to a Prism before in the UK, I, I do sincerely apologize for your experience because it's not that great. But Prism would open ... open at like 11 or 12, so I knew that by then all of my friends would've gone and, you know. So I would just, I would just leave as soon as- if there was a hot party being hosted, I would walk to the library and read. And that's a sacrifice to make at the age of 19 or 20. Like that's a fucking hard thing to do. But I knew this stuff and I had to do it. I had to sacrifice porn, so I don't watch pornography, I don't engage in any of that stuff, and I also don't have any social media either, so I don't see any of that, any of the, any of the porn bait that you get, like the OnlyFans stuff, whatever. Um, but I had to get rid of this, because I was like, I know that I can't be, you know, engaging in just short term pleasure in watching this stuff and I'm never gonna have a healthy long-term relationship and all these things have got to go. Xbox and PS4. I had an Xbox and I, I ran a bath and put it in the bath. (laughs) You know? And also, I had a gaming PC as well, um, when I was younger, when I was like 17. And, um, I basically got the gaming PC, I got a screwdriver and took it apart and then I smashed up all of the parts and then I couldn't put it back together. And because I was only 17, I didn't have the money to buy another one. So I just sacrificed, I literally just sacrificed my gaming PC. I was like, I literally just disemboweled it and then destroyed it. And then like, you know, a day or two later were the insane urges to play League of Legends or Minecraft or whatever stupid game I was playing at the time, but I couldn't indulge in those impulses because I'd sacrificed the PC. I've done some extreme shit to become successful. Like people look at, um, people look at me on YouTube and stuff and I get comments and I get, I get comments on, on videos and I get, um, people in like real life, like friends and stuff, they're like, like, "How did you do this?" Like, "Why is it that you got to the eight, multi-eight figure mark and everyone else who started around your time just gave up or struggled or is still just making, like, no money?" It's because of this. It's because of the shit like smashing up the gaming PC or going to the library or, you know, all this stuff. And my friends, I turned my back on everyone I knew for a year and a half to become successful, and I lost a lot of friends. And Netflix and YouTube and short form content and all social media. So I used to have Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Snapchat, fuck, I used to have... I've never had TikTok actually, 'cause that was, it's only been released in the last like five years and I had it on lock by then. But like, you know, I used to have all of the- you name it, I had it, social media. And I had to delete it. You know, I got rid of it and it sucked and it was horrible and, but now I don't use it. And junk food. So, you know, I had to sacrifice like junk food and all this crap, and also my entire wardrobe. So what I did, um, and this is the, you, you don't have to necessarily do this, but what I did is I got rid of all of my clothes and I bought a bunch of black T-shirts, a bunch of black trousers, and a bunch of black shorts, and then I just wore the s- I basically wore the same thing every day for like eight years. And the reason I did that is to reduce my decision fatigue, and decision fatigue is the more decisions you make throughout the day, the, the, the, the worse your decisions get throughout the day. And by only, by wearing the same thing every day, it's one less decision I have to make, which means that when I make business decisions, I'm slightly sharper and I don't have to think about this, and also I don't get weird impulses to buy random clothes. And dating apps. Like I got rid of the whole, I just didn't date, I basically didn't date for like two years. Like I didn't, I didn't like watch porn or have sex or do any casual sex or anything like that for a very, very, very long time I was just dialed in. It's a sacrifice. You know, who the hell wants to give these things up? These things feel great. Like in the moment, like these things, they're fucking awesome. Like you, you, you're loving it. But I knew that I couldn't. And, you know, here's a list of things that I currently sacrifice to get to the next level. So, you know, I'm at the point where I'm at my eight figure level, on the way to multi-eight figures, and I've got no doubt in my, in, in the near future, on the horizon, will be nine figures, multi-nine figures. Like I'm gonna be a billionaire. There's no two ways about that. As long as, um, as long as God or the universe or whatever you believe in graces me with enough time, um, I'll get there, and there's not a doubt in my mind. But, you know, I'm not going to get there whilst clinging onto lots of shit. So here are some things that I currently sacrifice that I could have that I don't to get to the next level. So, super cars. So, you know, if I wanted to, I could go down to, you know, Mayfair in London, where I am right now, and I could go to the Lamborghini dealership or the Bugatti dealership or the Ferrari dealership and I could go and spend like a million or two million or three million dollars on super cars and, you know, find a garage and just put them in there and drive them around and have civilians rotate their neck muscles to pay attention to me and all of my clout I could go and do that, but, yeah, sure, that might feel good, like maybe, maybe sometimes I'm like, "Oh, yeah, I wish I had like a Lambo so everyone knew who I was," then I'm like, "What the fuck are you talking about? That'd be stupid." So these things might feel great, but, you know, fuck it. Fame and influence. So, you know, I've got the, the know-how and the money and the competence, um, from a content perspective to make viral content and become famous. I know the playbook, I know exactly how to do it, and if I wanted the, you know, the mult- the massive, massive audience with, you know, consumers, I could do that. But my videos are more business focused and focused on, you know, my mission and my vision, which is helping people start businesses and become successful. And, you know, I don't want to just make, you know, trite, shallow lifestyle vlogs that don't really add any value and just capture the attention of random people that have no interest in actually doing anything. They're just dreamers, right? And boats and jets. So, you know... Oh, I don't want to switch..Don't know why my language has just switched to Arabic. Sorry about that. Um, anyway, boats and jets. So, you know, I could go and buy, like, a Sunseeker yacht and I can probably charter, like, a private jet to go to Vegas and gamble, but, you know, I'm sacrificing these things. Famous friends. So, you know, when you, when you become, um, successful, you, you can get into some pretty exclusive clubs. You know, you, I, I, th- the, I know lots of people who know lots of people in, in Dubai, in London, et cetera, who are quite famous, you know? And, um, I know where these people hang out, I know what clubs they go to. I've, you know, I've, I've, I've played sports with some of them and, like, I've see- I've met some of them and stuff. And like, you know, if I'm, if I wanted to, I could become this, like, socialite person that is friends with all of these big YouTubers or, you know, rappers or whatever the hell. Not like A-list celebrities, right? I'm not talking, like, Kanye. I don't think he'd be that interested in being friends with me. Then again, I might not be interested in being friends with him, but that's a story for another day. (laughs) Um, I'm sure he's probably an all right guy. Anyway, he's a bit controversial, so we'll, we'll leave it at that. But, you know what I mean? I'm not gonna be, like, banging on Harry Styles' door, like, "All right, babe, do you want to go out for a drink?" But my point is that, you know, I could have this r- wild, Great Gatsby social circle, but I would rather just have the boys that I'm friends with, right? Luxury brands. So I, I could go and buy all the luxury brands. Or watches. Like, I could have a, you know, multi-six or million-dollar watch collection. Or a mansion. Like, you know, I, I had th- I had the mansion in Dubai. I ha- I lived on the palm, I had, like, the most exclusive address on the planet, with a house that cost, like, $10 million and I had it, and, like, you, you know, when you have a mansion, like, everything is j- Yeah, I had it, it was great, but I realized I had to sacrifice it. I moved back to London, right, since, um, since I started recording this, the, this, this program. And I moved to London and, and yeah, I live in a nice apartment in London and it's in a posh part, expen- in expensive part of London and, you know, stuff like that. But I'm not living in, like, a eight-bedroom fucking giga-mansion that, you know, you bring a girl home to that and she's just like, "Marry me." That's pretty much what happens, by the way. Um, story for another day. But anyway, um, parties. So same thing, I get, you get invited to lots of parties when you're successful. You can go to these clubs and you can buy tables for 10 grand and all these dinners and stuff, galas, blah, blah, blah. Travel. So I could literally go wherever I want, whenever I want, with whoever I want, at pretty much a moment's notice anytime, anywhere, wherever. If I decided tomorrow that I wanted to go to the Maldives, and then the next day I wanted to be in LA, and the day after that I wanted to go to the North Pole, I could fucking do it. Like, there's, there's, it, when- once you have the money, you can go anywhere. And I want to get to the next level and become a billionaire, and I'm not gonna do that by partying all the time and traveling all the time and spending time in stupid mansions or buying these silly things. And the same thing goes for freedom, right? And social life. So to be fair, I have a decent social life. I play some sports, I see some friends and, but my, my social circle is quite tight-knit and small. And the last one is, is the woman thing. So what I can tell you, i- if you're a young guy watching this, maybe you aspire to this, but once you get to a certain level of financial abundance, you become, you become very confident, and women, the, the whole dating thing gets quite easy. And, you know, the, the really attractive, the 10/10 models, whatever you're looking into, whatever you want, they get, you know, they, they, they become a- they actually become attracted to you, because, you know, people, people tend to date at their level. And so if you've got a, a woman who's beautiful in her own right and she's, like, a runway model or something, those girls aren't dating guys that are just broke. And some of them might, some... Like, I'm not saying they're gold diggers and I'm not calling attractive women gold diggers at all. I'm just saying that if, as a woman, you're beautiful, you have more, um, let's say, s- uh, social leverage (laughs) to ha- to pick and choose who you want. And if I was a beautiful woman, I would probably pick and choose a man who was competent enough to take care of me financially. Why would you not? In the same way that lots of rich guys who are very successful and have high status and high value want a beautiful woman. And so, you know, if I wanted to, I could hop on Raya, um, you know, which is a dating app for the rich and famous. I'm not on it, but I could. But p- I know people that are on it, so you just get referred. And then, you know, I could, I could do that, and then what I could do is I could start posting on Instagram, like, all of my fancy share, and then start the DM game where I'm sliding into the DMs of Instagram models. And they would reply because they can see all of this stuff, and then I could start sleeping with these people. Like, I'm telling you, once you have money, all of this stuff is, is possible and easy. Like, the thing, the, the world just opens up to you. But that's a big problem, because if you want to get to the millionaire, multimillionaire point and then enjoy the fruits of your labor by having all these things, then you can absolutely do that. And I'm not advocating to, for sacrifice of these things if you want them. What I'm saying is I want to be a billionaire and build a massive, impactful company more than I want the instant pleasure and status associated with the following things that I've just highlighted. And so what you have to do in life is you have to pick what you want, because if you want to build something massive, you, you can, you can try th- keep these things in your life if you want to, and you can probably still build a big, successful company with a few of these things in your life, but it's gonna be significantly harder, it's gonna happen 10 times slower, and it's far less likely to happen. Okay? Like, yeah, you might find that, you know, but, "Oh, but what about this guy that's got these cars and is, is more successful than you?" Or, "What about this guy that dates all these women and is, is a billionaire?" Like, yeah, I'm not saying that it's, I'm not saying this is like a, a, a, a bulletproof thing. My point is that when you sacrifice these things, they drastically increase your chances of becoming successful and they make it more of a sure thing. Now, the only things that I haven't sacrificed in my life..... towards my goals are my very close friendships, so, you know, my best mates. My relationship, so I'm, I'm not one to talk about my personal relationship with whoever I'm with, um, because it's n- not really anybody's business and I like to keep my very, very personal relationships private and personal, as I'm sure you would if you had an audience as well. And my family, so I'd- I'd never sacrifice my relationship with my family, but also my health. So the only things that I don't sacrifice are my close relationships with people that I love or my health. So p- my best-best friend, um, my girlfriend or my wife, whatever, um, my- my mother, my father, my grandmother, my sister, my brother, my uncles, my aunties, my family, all of those people I'm never sacrificing. I wouldn't- I would rather be unsuccessful than lose people that I love, right? Because there's nothing more important than that to me, a- at least. Well, that's a hard thing to ... that's a very sweeping statement, and I don't know if I've thought that through entirely, but you get my point, right? And also health. So something that I would never sacrifice is my health. Now, I have in the past sacrificed my health, and as I'm gonna tell you, I'm gonna tell you a story later on in this video, um, where I did kind of let my health slip for my business and my success, and, um, you know, sometimes you have to do that. Sometimes you have to take short-term health hits to get your business off the ground. But for the long term, I- it's not advisable. You still need close relationships. You still need love. You still need a loving relationship. You still need to sleep properly, eat properly, and exercise. Without these things, your limbic system will wreak havoc on you and mess your focus up. So, you know, if you don't have any friends, or if you don't have any love in your life, then your brain won't let you work because you're just gonna constantly seek it. Now, that's not to say that you can't go a year or two without those things like I did. So when I s- I got rid of all of my friends and I didn't have a girlfriend or anything like that for, like, nearly two years, and, you know, I didn't really eat or sleep properly whilst I was building my business for the first two years, and I came out just fine. But for like a- for like the long term, if you wanna do this for anything longer than a couple of years, then you need to kinda have these things on lock, which requires discipline and obviously delayed gratification. So what you wanna do is you wanna think of it like this, as a visual. Everyone in life has a flame, and this flame represents your energy, your focus, and your personal mental or time capacity for success. So, you know, when you- when you're thinking about becoming successful, there's this flame that burns inside of you, and the bigger the flame, the more energy, the more focus, the more time you have. And right now you spend a lot of your energy, so this flame is burning in all sorts of different directions right now. So all of your energy, focus, capacity, and time is spent on lots of bullshit that doesn't help you achieve your goal. So, you know, your wardrobe and what you're wearing or what you're eating, all your junk food, all your social media consumption, all your short-form content addiction, or you're spending time on YouTube or watching on Netflix series. You're spending time with friends that aren't good for you or playing video games or on your Xbox. You're spending time watching porn and trying to find the perfect video to masturbate to and spending hours doing that and thinking about that and p- being an idiot. You're spending those time laying in bed and just being lazy or having these late nights or partying or drinking or smoking, like, all of these things are behaviors that take energy from you, right You only have so much flame, so much burn that you can give, and what you do is you throw it all on the fire. So metaphorically speaking, when you sacrifice something, what you do is you take all of the energy, focus, mental capacity, and time spent on it, and you burn it. And what that does is it increases the size of your flame so that you can channel this all into work. And so when you sacrifice something, you basically gain more energy and more time, because all of the energy and time you were putting into it is now available to you to put somewhere else. So let's say right now that you spend three hours a day playing Call of Duty. If you sacrifice Call of Duty, you now have three new hours per day and, you know, wh- h- however much energy you would spend on that thing to put into your work, and that's how you get an advantage. And when you sacrifice everything at once, your flame will burn, 'cause imagine if you did no bullshit, you'd have, like, you'd have all the time in the world to just work, and then that's- that's how you become successful, because you can start executing on things real quick. So you want to sacrifice all of it. And I can hear what you're s- thinking and saying right now, "But Charlie, I need it. I can't possibly get rid of X." X th- is denoted not as the social media platform, but the thing that you know you need to give up. Like, don't lie to me, don't lie to yourself, there's something in your life right now, the big thing, the bi- that big thing that you're thinking about right now as I'm talking about it, that you need to sacrifice and get rid of. There is. It could be a game. It could be a person, a relationship. It could be an addiction. It could be a habit. It could be a- it could be anything. It could be a belief system. But you know what it is, probably not a belief system, although we're gonna sacrifices anyway, but you know what I mean, right And you're probably talking about it like, "I can't possibly get rid of it. I need it." That's what you're saying to yourself, you're saying, "I need it, Charlie. I need this thing." Well, you fucking don't. You don't. You need, what you need is to get rid of it so you can become successful. It's bullshit. You can get rid of it, you just don't want to and you're frightened. You've cooked up a lie in your head that this thing is necessary and that you and your business need it to survive. You don't and it's bullshit. Truly, if you really want to know what this thing is, all it is is just you clinging to your current identity onto th- it's- it's- sorry, it's your current sense of self and your current identity clinging onto something that gives it steam in life. So remember when we talked about this whole point of like, you need to sort of kill your current self to become who you need to become to achieve your goals? And we discussed this and how, like, you know, in Trial by Fire we talked about how it's you, you know, your current sense of self has a survival bias and it's gonna try and stop you from, you know, getting- doing new things that basically, you know, kill it off. Well, all of these things that you need to sacrifice are things that your current sense of self is attached to And so when you sacrifice one of these things, you sort of- you sort of remove that part of your identity, which is quite painful, which is why you're so convinced you need to keep it. This is all just resistance and, you know, your- your- s- current sense of self is just kicking up a fuss here. So what you need to do is make the decision to get rid of all of it. All of these things you need to sacrifice, think about it like this, this is a really cool metaphor here. So you know when you play a video game and you try and defeat a boss and that boss has healers? So maybe you've- maybe you've played, like, a video game before and you're trying to kill s- a boss and that boss keeps getting healed by these things. And usually if you're doing that, what you would do is you would kill the healers. Well, all of these things you need to sacrifice are like healers for your current self. So if you're trying to defeat your current self, which is the boss you're currently fighting, but you don't take out the healers, then what's gonna happen is the boss, or the current sense of self, is gonna be consistently reinforced and healed by the healers, which means that you can't defeat it. And it doesn't matter how hard you swing at this thing, it doesn't matter how much p- magic power you use to try and defeat the boss that is your current sense of self, if it's being healed by these stupid behaviors, then you're not gonna defeat it. So imagine a video game, you're trying to defeat a boss, but NPC mobs keep spawning to heal the boss. Like, what you would do is you'd defeat the healers. But this is what is- this is what is sacrificable behavior that is your current identity. So in video games, if you want to kill the boss, you kill the ... healers first. And I'm telling you that these things you need to sacrifice are like the healers. So when you try and take out your current sense of self and you start trying to change, if you're keeping these things behind and you're keeping the addictions and the bad habits, then your current sense of self is being consistently reinforced and healed. And it doesn't matter how hard you swing at it, it's always gonna come back with a vengeance. So think of it like that. And sacrifice everything. And I know it sounds extreme, but the reason that this program and that I get such extreme results for you is because I recommend extreme measures. Get rid of everything. Do not get rid of your health, your family, your relationship, or your very close friendships. Anything else... 'Cause these are the things that you need, right? These are the, the... If we, if we ask, you know, any, any, um, deep psychologist, like Maslow's hierarchy of needs and stuff, these are the things we... Like, the... You don't sacrifice the roof over your head. You know, you don't sacrifice your access to running water. You know, but you... The- those are things that we have in the West that we take for granted anyway. Maybe you're in the East, but you probably have those things, right? I hope you do. Um, so don't sacrifice these things, 'cause these things you actually truly physiologically need. Your limbic system needs these things to, you know, work and run properly. And yeah, you can go without them for a year or two, but not for the long term 'cause you'll just... You'll go weird and, and strange. So what we're gonna do is a sacrifice audit. So I want you to do this right now. So this is a personal sacrifice audit. So what you're gonna do with this is basically list everything below that you're going to sacrifice for the pursuit of your goal. So, you know, we've got this little bullet point list here. So, you know, you can access this resource in the description of the school community. Or sorry, of, of the, of the school group. And, um, I want you to do it right now. So it shouldn't take you more than five minutes to just list these things out. So pause the video and go and do it now or, you know, just let me explain. Um, so you know, you could put in, like, league... Oh, you could put like, "League of Legends." Or you could put, you know, like, um, "weed." You know (laughs), anything like this. These things that you think you need that you don't, okay? And then what you're gonna do is you're gonna write out the one that you really don't wanna list. So this is the big, bad, scary one that you do not wanna get rid of. So what you're gonna do is you're gonna list out a bunch of stuff here, but you're gonna probably leave one thing out. You're gonna leave out the thing that you really don't wanna get rid of, and I want you to write it here, 'cause we need to get rid of it. And by writing this out and by, um, sort of... Sorry if you can hear my water bottle opening here. I'm just gonna drink something real quick. These recordings can be pretty, um, pretty tiring on the, on the mouth. Anyway, now write out the one thing you don't wanna list. So get rid of the one thing, um, and then what I want you to do is write down what action items you're going to take today to start the sacrifices. And then you're gonna write out what drastic action you're gonna take right now to get rid of this final boss sacrifice as well. Um, so basically, if you're scared or anxious, this is good. If you're in pain right now and you're feeling nervous about this and worried, that's good, because you're experiencing pain. Remember, pain is when resistance meets effort. So you're gonna feel a lot of resistance to sacrifice these things, but if you put the effort in to sacrifice them, you're, you're basically... Remember, we, we talked about this with the, with the bank of suffering, right? And building up this, this pain tolerance and stacking as much pain as we possibly can. This is the, the easiest way for you to earn lots and lots of pain points and to stack up that pain currency bank account. Like, because this is the most painful thing. Like, if you can do this, if you can sacrifice all these things, I promise you that everything else gets easy and the world will truly open up to you, because this is the hardest thing to do. Like, ge- doing the outreach, the sales calls, the client delivery, building the business, it, it's hard, it sucks. There's gonna be lots of pain, rejection, fear, doubt, stress, tiredness, exhaustion. But the, the hardest thing to do is giving up the shit you don't wanna give up. So if you can do this, then the rest of what you have to do will pale in comparison. And there's no better way for you to build up your pain points than this, I promise you. So for example, for me, the one thing that I didn't wanna get rid of when I was like 17, 18, or whatever it was... Not 18, I was like 16, 17, was video games. Like, I really did not wanna get rid of these things. L- I played my computer religiously. Like, if, if I had a spare moment, I'd be on there playing League of Legends, I'd play Minecraft, all sorts of stuff. And, um, it had to go. And I, I, you know, I was like... I, I managed to get my diet in order, I managed to sleep well, I did everything right. But the one thing that I couldn't get rid of was the gaming thing. It was the one thing that was like the ultimate thing. So p- you know, what I did, is the drastic action I took was to destroy. Right? So what I did is I... Like I told you, I disassembled my PC and I destroyed it. And then I ran a bath and I, I, I kid you not, this is no word of a lie, I put my Xbox in the bath. And lo and behold, the Xbox didn't work anymore. And, you know, I got my PC components, I put them in a box and I chucked them out, and I chucked the Xbox out. And what that meant is I had no means to play video games anymore. The only... (laughs) It was hilarious, because the only thing that I had left that I could play video games on was my Nintendo DS. So some, most of you who are Gen Z won't know what a Nintendo DS is, but it's like a, it's like a little flip-up, like, gaming console. And the only game that I had that I could play was, um, Pokemon Platinum or something. Um, (laughs) you know? And it got to the point where I was trying to play Pokemon... I was that, I was that addicted to gaming that I was trying to just play Pokemon on this little Nintendo DS, DS screen. Then I kind of realized I was, like, being an idiot, so I just, I just put the DS away and just never looked back. Um...... but you need to just, you need to just... Final boss sacrifice. There's gonna be a drastic action you can take, and it's gonna feel fucking drastic. Like, people are gonna think you're insane 'cause this gaming PC I had was like, it was like, £2,000. My Xbox was like £300. Like, these were Christmas presents. These were birthday presents, and, you know, people thought, like, my, my parents were like, "What the fuck are you doing?" My friends were like, "What the hell are you doing?" But I was like, the more drastic the action, the more of a, the more, the more of a statement it is. In the same way that, you know, when we're looking at what I'm sacrificing, um, at the moment, um, you know, all, all these things here, like, um... I'm just trying to think of an example of, like, a drastic thing. But, like, I've never really engaged in any of these things, to be honest, so, yeah. No, we won't go down that path. But you get my, you get my point, right? Um, so yeah. Write down what you're gonna get rid of, write down the big thing that you need to get rid of, and then write down what you're gonna do to get rid of these things. So if, if for example, you want to sacrifice junk food and sugar, then go into your cupboard at home right now and get rid of all of the junk food and sugar. And just, you know, any energy drinks or s- cocoa, just pour it down the drain, and any sugar or any shitty foods, just take it to a food bank or put it in the bin. You know? If you're, um, if you're trying to get rid of, um, porn, or you have like a porn addiction or something, then, you know, go to your internet provider and tell them to disable it. Like tell them to disable adult content. And then that way, you know, if you wanna turn it back on, you've gotta go and ask them (laughs), which is a little bit awkward. But actually, that might not work, because I think internet providers can, you can turn it on and off like yourself. But some of these things, you have to just power your way through. But we want to find actions where we can, okay? So, um, here are some personal examples of drastic action I took to sacrifice the things that I needed to get rid of. So, you know, we know about the gaming PC analogy and the running... The, the, the Xbox bath thing. Now, this is another one. Um, when I was, uh, 21, 22, I... At that point, I was a millionaire, and, you know, I went on this sort of like dating rampage, 'cause I was like, "Oh, I'm just gonna, you know. Now I'm a millionaire and I've got all this money and I can, you know, and I can attract these girls." And I did, and, you know, at one point, I was talking to, I think, like probably like four or five people at once. Just like aimlessly texting them and, like, sleeping around as... Being an idiot. Stupid. And, you know, I kind of realized, I was like, "I have to sacrifice this casual dating thing. Like, I've got to sacrifice these women." (laughs) Like, not in a, (laughs) not in an actual, physical, sacrificial way where I'm like slitting their throats and taking them up to a temple or something. What I meant is I, I texted all of the girls that I was seeing that I'm not interested and don't see a future with them. And this is a painful thing to do. I just, I text everyone. All these girls that had potential that I was talking to that I didn't have any long- o- long-term intentions with, I was just casually seeing, um, I just text them all. I was like, "Hey, you know, I'm, I'm ready to focus on my business. Um, I don't see this going anywhere. Um, I wanna be honest with you, so I wish you the best of luck." And I, I, I copy and pasted like this message to like, you know, five or six people. And, you know, you can, you can only just imagine the responses, right? Understandably. It's my fault. But I did that, and, you know. And that was pretty drastic, because I can tell you from experience that if you say that to someone and you, you cut that off, and a month later you change your mind and message them, they won't have any of it, (laughs) all right? So, drastic action. Um, I moved to a city. So I, I moved down to Plymouth, you know, when I'm brand new, knowing no one, um, which was a good sacrifice. I also sacrificed my... This was a big one. This was a massive one that massively helped me become successful. No one thinks about to do this, but this, this really helped. I sacrificed my financial comfort zone. So one thing that happens i- is, is a lot of people are very comfortable in life, and they like their little comfort zone, spec- specifically with their money and their finances. So what I did is I was... I had this money that I had saved up and, you know, it made me feel a little bit comfortable, a little bit secure, which is fine. But what I did is I bought a high-ticket course for the business, right? So there was, there was this course, um, requiring me to put like 10 gr- 10 grand, 15 grand down or something, right? And that was, that was kind of... I had a little bit of money, but my payment plan, it wasn't that much, right? And what I did is I bought this high-ticket course from my mentor, which was ab- absolutely fucking terrifying, 'cause I was like, you know, "This, this, this is my, like, last bit of money. Like, I need it to work." Um, but what this did is, is I basically... I sacrificed my comfort zone financially, and that... It forced me to work. Like, it, it pushed me to... Like, I was... A, I was like, "I've got to replenish these cash reserves," so I kind of gave myself no choice. Like, I burned the bridges, I burned the boat, so to speak. And it was very uncomfortable, it was very painful, but I'll tell you, in terms of deposits to the bank of suffering, that was a big one. That was a massive sacrifice. Um, you know, I... Y- y- you can't afford to be risk-averse here. Like, if you want this business to work, sometimes you have to sacrifice money and short-term comfort. Like, you know, uh, I, y- y- you need to actively seek out a way to wisely invest what you have so that you can push yourself out of your comfort zone. And to me, the most logical thing was to buy a high-ticket course, um, from Sam, my mentor. Um, and that was several, seven years ago, I think. Um, and that was wor- that was a very worthwhile thing to do, but yeah. Um, I also chucked out all my clothes, bought a new cheap, simple wardrobe, you know? I used to spend like all my money on clothes. I ha- I, I, I'd buy like $2,000 sneakers and I'd bu- I'd buy all these brands and like all this shit and these watches and stuff, and then I just chucked them all out and just bought black T-shirts. And I told everyone that I was gonna stop. So this is a big thing you can do. Um, I don't... When I say X, I don't mean like Twitter, right? But I told everyone I was gonna stop whatever it was I wanted to stop. So if I decided that I was gonna sacrifice drinking or smoking, I just tell everyone, like, "Hey guys, I don't smoke anymore."Because then, if you're with them and you smoke, they're like, "I thought you said you weren't gonna smoke? You idiot." And then you feel, you know, you get this, this thing called social cognitive dissonance, which is where you start feeling guilty that you've told someone you're gonna do something and you're not doing it. And don't think you can get away with anything. So when it comes to doing these sacrifices and listing out these actions and starting to note what you're gonna do to get rid of these things, you cannot get away with anything. So, you know, what you might be thinking is, "Oh, I'll just, I'll just, mm, I'll just put the Xbox under my bed." (laughs) You know, "Once every now and then can't hurt, right?" Fucking wrong. "Or, you know, I'll just tell that bad friend or that toxic relationship that I just can't see them for a month, and it'll fizzle out, right?" Fucking wrong. "Or, you know, I'll just, I'll just ask my mum, like, you know, I'll just ask my mum to hide all the junk food. I won't, I won't go looking for it." Fucking wrong. Your decision to sacrifice whatever it is you need to sacrifice must be absolute. If it isn't, you haven't really made the sacrifice. You've just buried it and are coping pretty fucking hard. Okay? So, you know, if, if you're like, if there's something you know you can do to sacrifice something you know you need to get rid of, um, like I'm just, I'm just thinking, trying to think of an example here. Um, like, okay, perfect example, perfect example, ah, perfect example. Okay. So let's say that you wanna get rid of Instagram, because you, you're probably gonna need to sacrifice Instagram. Now, is that gonna, is it gonna be helpful in the future for business? Yeah. Maybe you're gonna start an Instagram account for your personal brand and start making content to get clients, right? That might be a good thing to do. But you, right now, you probably have a personal Instagram account, and on that personal Instagram account, three things happen. One, you post pictures of yourself for validation and attention, which reinforces an instant gratification feedback loop. Bad. Two, you scroll through your newsfeed and you scroll through your Instagram reels, stimulating your brain and en- en- encouraging your brain to expect instant gratification with the flick of a single muscle group in your finger. Bad, right? Probably a bad thing to wire your brain in that way. It's like the least amount of effort possible for the most amount of reward is scrolling through short form content, because it requires literally no calories burned in that finger scroll. Three, you spend your time looking at other people and being jealous and envious of them. So Instagram is not conducive to your goal. It's gonna hold you back and it's gonna wire your brain in the wrong way. It's gonna keep this narcissistic craving attention loop open in your mind, and it's gonna encourage you to loo- look at what other people are doing and be an idiot. So you need to sacrifice it, and it needs to go. And what you're gonna do is you're gonna say, "Yeah, I'll just delete the app," and then it's gone. Uh-uh, delete the fucking account. That's right, the one that you've got your followers on, the one that you've got your friends on, the one that you've got your algorithms on that are perfectly engineered to deliver your brain exactly what it needs to keep your attention. Now that I've suggested that, you're a bit like, "Oh, I don't know if I can, I, I'll just delete th- the app." Well, you're a fucking idiot. Pull your vape out, mate, 'cause you're coping, right? Um, (laughs) you know? Like, I, I did this where like, I was trying to sacrifice Instagram, and what I would do is I would delete the app, and then lo and behold two months later I'd redownload it. Because when you, when you, when you sacrifice something, it has to be total. It has to be completely absolute. Like, if you delete your account for good, that tells your unconscious and yourself that you're serious about the sacrifice and there's no turning back or going back. But if you just delete the app but keep the account, then all you have to do to get that back is go on App Store, type in Instagram, and download it. That's not, there's no, there's no effort in that. The level to which you sacrifice something is denoted by how much effort you'd have to go to rebuild the thing to get the same level of gratification that you initially received from it when you had it before So if you just delete the app, you can just type it in, download it, and then within 30 seconds, you're back on it. That's not a sacrifice. This is why I destroyed my gaming PC. This is why I put my Xbox in the bath. This is why I burnt all the bridges with my casual sex relationships that were just stupid and lustful and idi- idiotic. Like, you have to just absolutely get rid of it. So delete your accounts. Delete all your social media accounts. Block people. That's another thing. Like, if, if you've got toxic people in your life you wanna get rid of, just fucking block 'em. Or just tell them that they're toxic. Just say, "Hey man, like, I don't think that where I'm headed in the future is, is, um, I don't think that, you know, that w- we're the best fit for each other in terms of being friends moving forward." You're gonna piss 'em off. They're gonna hate you. Good. There's no going back from that. Sacrifice, absolutely. So now we'll talk about focus, because we've t- this is like a big heavy thing, and this is a big heavy video. Like, we're not even, we're not even seven pages in yet, and I think we're like an hour and 20 minutes into the recording. So let's keep this moving, but do this personal sacrifice. Do it, do it now. Don't put it off. Don't be an idiot. You know, maybe you're vaping. Why are you vaping? Oh, yeah, I know, that's a, that's a great idea, isn't it? Let's just, let's just put a, um, what is a vape at first principle? It's a, it's a, it's a plastic device that allows you to initiate instantaneous pleasure at a moment's notice. Yeah, why don't we just keep that in our pocket? That'd be smart, wouldn't it? Yeah, that's a really good idea to, you know, hardwire our brain to, you know, with literally the lift of an elbow and the lift of a, of a shoulder rotator cuff, receive instantaneous pleasure. Hmm, that'd be a good idea, wouldn't it? Yeah. There's, I don't see any second order consequences to that whatsoever in terms of our success or the way that our brain deals with work. No, not at all. So get rid of it. All of it. Hell, like, go and buy some fireworks, attach your vape to a firework, and then shoot, I'm, I'm not saying, you probably don't vape. If you vape, you're an idiot, right? But, you know, the point I'm making here is that the bigger the spectacle, the bigger the, the bigger the, um, the bigger the action, the more drastic the action, the more likely you are to never return to it If I had a vaping addiction, I would literally do that. I would go and buy fireworks, I'd attach a vape to the firework, and I would shoot that firework off into the sky and watch my vape explode 100 meters up. In fact, if any of you do vape and you wanna sacrifice vaping, which you should, record it and put it in the community, 'cause that would be absolutely hilarious. Anyway, focus. So another massive component in discipline, um, a massive component of discipline, as well as sacrifice and, you know, um, delayed gratification and all or nothing, another massive component is focus. Focus basically just means doing one thing, and you need to train your brain to do one thing at a time. So when we talk about focus, like, there's lots of different levels we can discuss focus on, you know, um, in terms of like, just having one goal or just having one relationship or whatever. But really, when it comes to work and what you're doing with your day, d- focus is discipline, because the opposite of focus is distraction. And so the ultimate discipline when it comes to working is not getting distracted, which means just work focusing on one thing. For example, I've been recording this video now for, what, an hour or an hour and a half, whatever it is now, and I've been fully focused that entire time. I haven't been, my, my, I haven't been on my phone, like pulling my phone up. I haven't been on like social media or anything, or like going off to eat or anything. I'm just purely solely focused, and I've engineered my day to do this recording so nothing can get in the way. So you need to have singular ... the focus always. Everything you do should be focused and with sole intent because if you manage this in your- e- everywhere in your life, it'll be easy at work. So p- the point here is this is, again, an all-or-nothing affair. If you learn to focus in every other aspect of your life, then when it comes to work, it's gonna be really, really easy. Because when you're eating, just eat. So if you're eating lunch or dinner, don't sit with your laptop in front of you, or don't sit on your phone or listening to a podcast, just eat, because you're just doing one thing. If you're going to the bathroom, don't bring your phone with you. People do this. If you're watching a movie, don't hold a conversation or talk or have your phone near you. If you're in the gym, turn your notifications off or put your phone on airplane mode. If you're listening to a podcast, don't text or message people. When you're at work, only have windows or tabs open relevant to your project. If you're in a meeting, close everything. Like, you need to learn to just do one thing at a time, because when you do one thing at a time, the 86 billion neurons in your brain can all latch onto the one task at hand, and that's how you make insanely good shit. If you watch these videos, and I'm hoping you're in awe as to, like, when you watch these videos, you're like, "Fucking hell, these are good videos. Like, how the hell does someone make videos that good?" I'm hoping that's how you feel. That's how I feel. I feel like they're pretty good. But anyway, maybe you don't. I hope you do. You made it this far, so you should. Um, but when you look at these videos and you think, "Goddamn, these videos are good," it's because I've focused. I've put every single ounce of neuro power that I've got into this Google doc or into the Google docs. So when I'm working on these things and I'm typing them and filling them out, I'm not like, you know, doing stupid. I'm not, like, trying to watch a podcast at the same time or message people on Slack or email or, you know, talk to my friends or anything. I'm just, like, locked in, and that's how you produce insanely good stuff. Whenever you watch, like, a mass- a great movie or read a great book or anything that's ever been good ever, if you see, like, an athlete performing at the highest level, all they're showing you is the, the result of their focus of just doing that one thing over and over again. And you're training your brain to use the mode of one thing at a time. So remember we talked about how your brain is a- y- used as a universal comprehension mechanism, like an operating software to run these different programs of life, whether that's your money, or your finances, or your wife, or your husband, or your kids, or whatever? How you deal with one thing is how you deal with everything, and if you're focused in every area of your life, then you'll be focused at work. But if you're distracted in every area of life, then you'll be distracted at work. And this accelerates the speed at which you can get stuff done and increases your output quality tenfold, because focus is a force multiplier, and it's an exponent, which basically means that it multiplies the efficiency and effectiveness of your workload, okay? So I was make- when I was making this document, um, what I thought I would do is show you my screen. So, you know, here was my screen from when I was making this document, um, you know. You can see how long these documents take to make, by the way, 'cause at this point I'm, like, nearly halfway through the document. It's the 28th of May, and I'm now recording this on the 16th of June. Um, but here's my screen right now. So, you know, in my tabs, um, I've got the, the module I'm working on, the plan for the module, the Google Drive of the module, which is, um, in my Google Drive. I've got the personal sacrifice audit document here and the Miro board for some diagrams that I was drawing, and then there's nothing else. So, like, my screen, when I'm working, contains nothing but the thing that I'm working on. I don't have like a billion different tabs up here, like, 30 tabs open with, like, notifications pinging, with like loads of different shit. Just one thing at a time. So if I'm logging into school to check my communities and, you know, deal with, deal with my communities, then I log into school, I go in there, I- so I can, I can, I can show you what I do. So I come here, you know, um, and we go to school, like this, and I'm not logged in. Now, you'll- by the way, this is gonna probably look entirely different, 'cause I haven't actually launched the program yet, so you're looking at, um, just a placeholder for this program. Um, but what I would do is I'd log in, and then I'd do my thing, so I'd check my messages or reply to whatever. I don't actually check my messages, to be honest, but, 'cause I get so many of them nowadays, but I do what I need to do, and then I would log out, right? And the, the point is, is what you can see here is I'm not even logged into school. So I spend my... All of my products are in school, for God's sake, but I'm not even logged in, because what I do is when I'm finished doing something, I log out and close it. And I do this with everything, because that way, like, it's done, it's finished. So when I need to use school, I will log in, I will do the work, and I will log out, and then I will go back to the next thing. And so what you wanna get into the habit of is doing one thing at a time. I don't check school randomly and then leave it open in the tab and then come back to work, because then I've got, like... Having t- more- having multiple tabs open in your brain or multiple windows or apps open in, in, in your, in your phone or your computer, it's like your brain dedicates part of its power to that tab. And this is, like, people who have, like, 30 tabs open and their desktops are chaotic, it's like, how the hell did you get anything done? Like, you can't focus, right? So when you finish something, close everything relevant to it. Like, I'll give you an example. Yesterday, I had a personal phone call with a friend of mine, and I, I went on a walk, and, um, I sat down, um, in, in, um, in a par- nice park in London, it was nice and sunny, and I was talking to a friend of mine for about 45 minutes, and I, I just, I just put my phone down and we just talked. It was just a conversation. I wasn't, like, replying to other people at the same time. I wasn't like, you know..... trying to, like, run around and do stuff and run errands at the same time or, you know, go and do this or that or the other. It was just talking to a person. And it was a really good conversation and, you know, we- we- we connected through that conversation, and it was nice, and it was very nice. And most people, when they talk to people, they're doing something else and so they're not really paying attention to the person. The person's not really paying attention to them and so they kind of have this weird parasocial proxy relationship where they don't really know each other because they don't pay any attention to each other. So you need to learn to do this in your relationships and your conversations as well. When you finish a social application, just log out, make sure everything is closed and finish before- finished before moving on to your next task, and turn off all your notifications and lock your phone away. Don't let tabs and windows build up, you fucking freak. Close down apps on your phone you finish using. Don't leave emails half-done. Like, your desktop needs to be organized. Don't leave projects half-completed. Don't leave messages left on read. Don't have notifications on Remind Me Later. You shouldn't even have no- notifications on Full Stop. Don't have movies half-watched. Don't have series half-completed or conversations half... It's like, you know, I cannot watch some of a movie. I can't. Like, if I'm watching a movie or reading a book, I cannot start another movie or another book until I finish that movie or that book, because it's w- it's one thing at a time. It trains your brain to finish things and complete things, so you must finish what you start. Because if you start something and don't finish it and you start something else, now your brain has to sort of unconsciously tangle between these two things. Finish what you start and religiously do one thing at a time. So there are a few exceptions here. Driving, walking, and listening to music are all fine. So whilst listening to, um, whilst making this resource, so whilst I was making this Google Doc for you, um, I'm listening to music. So I was listening to music whilst doing that, right? Um, or maybe if you go for a walk and you listen to a podcast, that's fine. Or talking to a friend whilst driving. Like, you know, you've got these, you know, unconscious, um, like, behaviors that you can execute on or partake in that don't require any conscious effort, that just sort of sit in the background. So, like, you know, like for example, with, like, swallowing, like when you swallow or when you breathe or, you know, when you thermoregulate your body or sweat, you don't do any of that consciously, it just happens, right? So things like driving that you can just do whilst listening to music or having a conversation or walking or whatever, that's fine, right? W- but generally speaking, you want to avoid switching. Switching is where you have multiple environmental stimuli that require attention that do different things, so having your phone on your desk or having Instagram open or reading emails whilst in a meeting. The quality of your work or anything you do is determined by how focused you were when you were doing it. So the reason th- that this rec- this video recording is of such a high quality or the reason this Google Doc is of such a high quality is because when I'm building it or when I'm recording it, the only thing I'm doing is it, and that allows it to be pretty damn good. So right now, if I was recording this video for you whilst also trying to text a friend, it would be awful. It'd be all over the place. So focus, one thing at a time. It's discipline. It requires discipline to do this. You need to learn to do one thing at a time. Like, you know, if you're watching, like, a- a series, let's say you're watching a show on Netflix or something, right? Like, one, just watch one series at a time. Like, finish the se- like, I- I j- I will not start another series until I finish the one that I'm watching right now. Like, and what I'll do is I'll give a new series one episode and if, like, and I- I don't watch series that often, to be fair, but if I ever do, I'll give it one episode, and if I like it after one episode, then I will commit to finishing the entire series no matter what. But if I don't like it after one episode, then I will stop watching it and it's almost like I never started it, if that makes sense. Same thing with movies. I'll watch the first 10 minutes. If I'm not into it, then I'll stop, 'cause there's no point in watching, like, a four- two- three-hour movie that you're not interested in. But you should know after 10 minutes, right? So one thing at a time, simple, whether that's eating, whether it's talking to a friend, whatever, one thing at a time. So another component of discipline is projection and mirrors, and this is really interesting because you need to have the discipline to recognize your projections. Now, a projection is a- is a pretty interesting idea in psychology which basically denotes that we use other people, ah, to project our own bullshit onto. And it's a hard thing to explain, so let me try my best. So you're going to have to deal with other people as you build this business. That's an inevitability. You're gonna have to have clients. You're gonna have to have prospects. You're gonna have to have business partners or employees. You're gonna have to have team members and contractors. You're gonna have to have an audience, maybe. You're gonna have to have all sorts of stuff, and it's inevitable. But as you do, you're going to project all sorts of stuff onto these people and screw up your chances of being successful. So what is projection? Projection is where you unconsciously assume that everyone thinks, behaves, and perceives the world the same way you do. So if I said to you right now, um... Well, actually, I'll give you some examples in a second. This is how you seriously snooker yourself in life and in business, because your capacity to b- deal with people, trust them, and persuade them is truly limited. So a lot of people love to project their shit onto other people. And so, if- if you- if you assume that someone thinks the way you do or behaves the way you do or perceives the world the way you do, then you're projecting your perception of reality onto them. So let me give you some examples. So let's say, for example, that you think that all people who sell courses are scammers.Well, the problem with this is you're never going to be able to sell a course. Why? Because if you think that everyone who sells a course is scamming, then you're going to think that everybody else thinks that whoever sells a course is gonna be scamming, which means that if you sell a course, everyone's gonna think you're a scammer. Do you see why I did that? Do you see how that works? It's a projection, it's a mirror, right? You, you have to recognize that, like, how people behave... How do I explain this? 'Cause it's, it's a bit, bit tricky to explain, like... Well, let me give you these examples and then I'll, I'll tri- so I'll give you some more ones. So, let's say that you think that everyone who's muscular is on steroids, with no exceptions. Well, you're never gonna try to get muscular because it's impossible to do so without steroids. So, if you just assume that, like, you know, everyone's on steroids who goes to the gym, then you're probably not gonna bother going to the gym. Or let's say... This is a big one. Let's say you hate receiving cold calls. So, let's say someone cold calls you and they try and sell you something and you judge them for it and you think that they're horrible for trying to sell you something. Well, you're naturally gonna hate cold calling, because every time you cold call someone you think someone's gonna hate you. So, your expectation of the perception of other people depends and hinges entirely on your perception of other people. It's a projection, it's a mirror, okay? And the same thing is true in business. So, if you take, um, a long, long, long time to make decisions and you can't make decisions quickly, then if you try to convince someone on a sales call, for example, to make a quick decision, you simply can't. Because what you will do is you will project your decision-making pattern onto them. Because if someone says they want to think about it, then you'll assume that that's true and right and that you should give them the time, because you would think about it. In the same way that if you, um... I'm just trying to think of another example here. Um, let's say that... Okay, this is a really good, this is a good one. Let's say that you cheated on a partner in your past life, in your past relationship. So let's say that you cheated. Now, hopefully you haven't done that, because that's not a very nice thing to do, but let's say that you did cheat. You are going to live in constant fear of being cheated on. Why? Because your expectation of other people's behavior depends on your own. So, if you've cheated on people before, then part of you is going to worry about being cheated on because you've seen that happen yourself. You've done it yourself, so you expect other people to do it to you. And so this is, this is why some relationships go really south and really toxic, because, you know, if, if someone's constantly terrified of being cheated on, it might be because they've cheated before. Because how can you be afraid of being cheated on if you, if you haven't experienced it doing it yourself? It could be because they've been cheated on by their previous partner, right? That's entirely likely. But my point is these projections are everywhere, and that's, that's the example I gave here. Now, the big bad wolf to watch out for here is judgment. So, the thing that you need to discipline yourself out of is judgment. You cannot judge people. You cannot afford to judge people, unless they vape (laughs). I'm just joking. Th- there's a, there's an underlying funny theme in this video. Um, when you judge someone, you hold up a mirror to yourself and you create a fear of being judged for that very thing. This is crucial. Every time you judge someone for behaving in a certain way, you effectively lock out that behavior and you will not be able to do it for fear of being judged. So, you need to try your best, as best as you can, to not judge people for anything. It doesn't matter how crazy you think their political ideologies are, it doesn't matter what they do, what behaviors are partaken, how insane things seem, how much you hate them, do not judge anyone for anything. It's a really hard thing to do and I've been working on this for 10 years and I'm still not perfect with it. Trust me, I'm far from it. But you need to stop judging people, because when you do, you basically lock behavior behind bars. So say, say that I, um... Say that you get, um, like, really drunk and I... And you get really rowdy in a pub and I judge you for that. Well, now, if there's ever a time that I've gotta be loud and rowdy for my business and my commercial success, let's say I'm trying to record an ad where I'm pretending to be drunk and I'm a prospect or something, I, I won't be able to do that behavior because I'll be afraid of being judged because I judged you for it. So, what you judge people for is what you will fear being judged for, okay? There's no way around this. So if you judge a salesperson for being salesy and think they're slimy, then you'll never be able to use proper sales techniques for fear of being judged as slimy. And if you judge people for what they wear, then you will fear the judgment of others for what you're wearing. And if you judge people's Instagram and social media posts, you'll be terrified of your own. So, I know people that want to start personal brands and YouTube videos and content, and they're like, "Oh, I can't, I can't start my, you know, my YouTube content journey." And I'm like, "Why not?" They're like, "Oh, because people are gonna judge me." I'm like, "Well, the only way, the only possible psychological way for someone to fear judgment is if they've been judging other people for that thing." And so I say this to people, "If you're afraid to make YouTube videos or you're afraid to post on social media because of people judging you, it's because you've been judging other people for doing that." It's... There's, there's literally... There is no other possible way for you to fear judgment. That is it. In the sa-... So, let's say, for example, um, like, let's take the approaching women thing. So, you know, if you, if you're out and about and you see a beautiful woman and, you know, you want to go up and ask for her phone number, right? And you don't do it because you're afraid of being rejected and judged for being rejected. Well, the only way that you can fear the judgment of rejection is if you judge people that you reject, or if you judge people for being rejected. So let's say that you watch a, a YouTube video online and there's a guy and he goes up to a girl, and let's say he's really bad with girls and he makes an absolute idiot of himself and looks like a fool and, you know, really fucks it up and just fumbles the bag. If you laugh at him and you judge him and say, "God, what an idiot. He's got no rizz. I'm glad I'm not him," then you're never gonna be able to approach a girl in your life, because you're afraid that if you fuck it up that you're gonna be judged in that way. So, you need to learn to stop judging people as much as you can, especially with money and finances. I had this the other day with a friend of mine. An- actually, she wasn't a friend. I was out in a ba-... I was, I was out with, um... It was a friend's birthday party and we, we went for a drink or two at this bar, um, which was a rare occasion for me. But we went out and, um, we were having this conversation and someone overheard us talking about money. And, you know, um, my, my friends and I, you know, as, as you're aware, we've got some level of financial abundance. And, you know, she overheard us talking about, um, money and being millionaires and stuff, and she said, she said like, "Oh, like, you guys are so rich. Like, how much do you give to charity?" Um, you know, and we, we kind of explained to her like, "Oh, well, you know, we don't take much out of the company. We keep it in the company so that we can grow the business and we feel like we're doing good work in the world through our, through our business." And she was like... She was going hard and she was like, "You guys are awful. You need to give all... More money to charity. Like, how greedy, how awful." And I... She was judging us, right? And I thought to myself, I thought, "Well, there's a woman who's never gonna make money and become financially successful because she's afraid that if she does, she'll be judged for the way that she... ... she manages it. And I'm- you- you serious, you, you, you snooker yourself here with, with, with judgments like that and behaviors like that. You know, if you- let's say that, like, you get people who judge like politicians. Let's, let's say the Donald Trump thing. Let's say Donald Trump is ruthless in a business dealing, and there's a recording of him being ruthless with another world leader. If you judge Donald Trump for doing that, then you're not going to be able to be ruthless in your business dealings. Why? Because you're gonna fear judgment of it. You cannot afford to judge people. It's tempting, and it's intensely pleasurable in the moment, but you have to try your best to not do it. Because if you do, then, you know, you're, you're gonna, um, you're gonna snooker yourself. "The only way the brain knows to register the fear of judgment is by first creating it externally itself and projecting it onto another human. This is an inescapable truth. If someone is afraid of being judged for something, I immediately know that they have been silently judging others for that very thing. This is why negative comments online don't bother me at all, because all these people are doing is projecting their bullshit onto me, and in the process, locking away behaviors that would be conducive to them achieving success." So I kind of get this, this little (laughs) this little pleasure from this 'cause, you know, I know that there's people in my market who want to compete with us, right? You know, smaller people who make less money, um, with s- when I say small people, I mean, like, smaller audiences, like, trying to compete, right? And I know that a lot of them judge my content, and a lot of them, you know, like, they j- judge, they judge me, and they judge the business. And I kinda like that because when someone judges me, they lock behavior away that they might need to do to become successful. So, you know, a- an example I can give you, um, is... one of my YouTube videos, I, um, the title of it, I, um, copied pretty closely from a competitor, um, 'cause he had a good video, and it went really viral. And I thought, "Oh, I want a piece of that." So I, I got the title, and I copied it. And, um, as you can imagine, he wasn't very happy about that, and, you know, he was, he was judging me for it. And I know he was because he was, like, posting about, like, this indirect, like, "Th- this guy copied my title," and stuff, and, like, "He can't be original." So I was being judged, and I thought to myself, I was like, "Ah, that's good because that means that this guy, my competitor, isn't going to have the courage to copy what works from other people because he's afraid that if he does, he'll be judged for it." So it's a little advantage, you know? It... these things, these things add up. Um, another example. For example, I recently made a social media post saying I've been silent online recently. Um, so I was... there was this post we did on LinkedIn recently, um, uh, for, like, appointments or something. I didn't even write it, but one of my, one of my team members wrote it. And this guy... it was, like, about me being silent on social media and how, like, I've been working behind the scenes and stuff on, on this program. And some dude, um, I didn't even... I didn't know who he was until this. Um, (laughs) it was funny. My, my, um, my head of, um, appointments sent this to me. It's quite funny. Some dude commented on this LinkedIn post, um, calling me some massive liar. I can't remember his name. Um, and like, he was like, "You're a liar." Like, "You've been on social media, like, on YouTube." And it wa- he was like... it was, like, a hard, judgemental comment, like, this, this guy, big time. And I shrugged it off. I was like, "Right, okay, well, this guy's being a bit of a, bit of a silly man," because, you know, he won't be able to post on social media without first triple-checking he's not contradicting himself in any way, shape, or form. So he's snookered himself. He's not gonna be able to slightly contradict himself, or, like, he's gonna be more afraid to post on social media because of fear of being judged or called out for behavior, right? So when you judge someone for a behavior or something, you lock that behavior or that thing away, and you'll be unable to execute on it for fear of being judged by others for it. In essence, when you judge someone, you snooker yourself. And your silent judgments are still judgments. So just because you don't say or articulate your judgments doesn't mean you're not judging them. So you need to be aware of this in your brain. Like, when you're... i- if you judge someone silently, you're still judging them. So commit to becoming nonjudgmental in your thoughts. It's tough but very important. Anytime you catch yourself judging someone, you need to become aware of it, then revoke it and say, "I don't care." So even if you don't say it, even if you just think it, you're still judging them, and it's still harmful, and it's still doing you way more bad than good. People think when they judge people, they get this, like, little weird egotistical wall up on them. It's like a little status play, like, "Oh, yeah, he's wrong, and, you know, I'm right, and I'm judging him for this." Like, it's, it's, it's very much an ego status thing, right? But you have to stop doing it. And this is why most people are afraid to try and succeed or start a business, because they've spent their lives quietly judging other people who have failed or tried, and they're projecting this onto everyone else. It's not real. It's a figment of your imagination and your own consciousness. People are gonna judge you regardless, so you might as well try. When you take this perspective on judgment, it loses all its power. It's nothing. So what if people judge you? What are they gonna do about it? (snaps fingers) You know? Nothing. So don't judge people. It's a mirror. Now, talking of the mirror, I wanna walk you through something incredibly powerful. Like, this, this thing here, (snaps fingers) when you get this, like that little clicky moment, this one of those aha moments. Another big projection in mirror is in the clients you attract. So when it comes to exercising discipline, we needed to be disciplined with our, with delaying gratification. We need to be disciplined with sacrifice, focus, judgment. We don't wanna do those things. We need to those things and not judge people, right? But also, another thing that you wanna learn to do and discipline yourself towards doing is the client mirror. This is huge. When I figured this thing out, it was amazing. So spawn in, pay attention, listen to this thing. It's massive. You must become the client you want to attract. This is what my mentor Sam told me. Um, he's now a billionaire, by the way. So in case you're wondering if that, if that knowledge has any efficacy, there you go. Um, as Newton said, "For every action, there's an opposite and equal reaction.So the world works in a mirror. If you become the client you want to attract, then you will attract those clients. And this is because people are attracted to people similar in their life. It's almost like a law of physics. Like, you've got this thing in, in quantum physics called quantum entanglement. We won't get into it too much, but this, this, like, this, this mirror thing, this opposite equal reaction thing exists on a quantum level and it exists on a social level and a, and a conscious level. It's, it's insane. So you must become the client you want to attract. Sounds a bit woo-woo, but let me explain. Now, when I started my first business and started going through my first course of mentorship, I was not a good client for anyone. So I would have... If anyone tried to sign me as a client, I would have been a bad client. I took ages to make buying decisions, never left reviews, didn't do the work, didn't refer business to my vendors, et cetera. I was just a bad client, right? A nightmare client. Once I recognized... I wouldn't pay on time, like, I, I failed on payments, I'd, I'd, like, trigger refunds. I was just a bad client in the beginning. Once I recognized that I was a bad client and started changing my behavior to be everyone's dream clients, I started getting insane business results. So something that I did in my life is I focused on trying to become the dream client for everyone. So any time I had a vendor, if I bought a, a course from someone, when I had my accountant, if I worked with a lawyer, if I worked with anyone, a personal trainer, if I went to a gym, if I went to a dentist, any time I went anywhere, I focused on being the best possible customer for that business. Okay? Um, and when you do that, when you focus on becoming the client you want to attract, you're naturally gonna start attracting them, because like attracts like. It's like a magnet. So some examples in my life. So, like, I started making buying decisions instantly. I would never give "let me think about it" objections. So if I was on a... If I'm on a sales call with someone, the answer is always yes or no. It's never maybe or "Let me think about it." It's either yes or no. I'm decisive. And I always actively look for ways to give my vendors referrals. So if I'm, um, if I'm working with someone and they're delivering value to me, this could be in any professional context or personal context, I will actively try to find people to refer to them in my network. So, for example, um, my accountant, um, is, is great and her name's Steph and the, the company... I, I can do... I can prove this. My point’s right now. I'm doing this right now. The, the company, um, is called Tax Gem. Um, Tax Gem Accountants, so T-A-X G-E-M. And Steph Jemson is the lady who runs that accounting firm. And, you know, it's a UK-based accounting firm and we've been working with them and I think I've probably referred Steph 60 or 70 clients, and now I'm probably referring her thousands of clients through that recommendation. They're amazing. But my... This is my point. I will look for as many ways as I can to refer people to my vendors. Um, I do this with anyone who mentors me. Um, I do this with anyone who delivers good results, and I do it all the time. So you want to, in your life, when you're dealing with someone in a professional context that you're... that's delivering value to you, you want to find ways to bring them new customers. Why? Because what it means is when you go to look for referrals, you're going to have an abundance of them. Because if you actively give out referrals and you actively try and find people to refer to you, then you can naturally expect that from your clients, and your clients will refer people to you. It's weird. It sounds woo-woo, like it shouldn't work, but this shit works. It really does. And likewise, I will... Oh, this is a big one. I'll always actively seek to give testimonials to products or companies that help. So, for example, um, I did some, um, shadow work, some mindset training with, with someone, and we, we worked together for about, um... Well, I still work with him now. We worked together for, like, a year, and after a few sessions, I said, "You are amazing. You're brilliant at this. Um, attached to this email is a quick testimonial video about my experience with you." And, um, I went to, um, her Trustpilot and wrote a Trustpilot review for her as well. And, like... Or was it, was it... I don't think she had a Trustpilot. No, that was, that was somebody else. But basically, this is my point, is I will find people's, like, um, whether it's Google Reviews, Trustpilot, whatever, and I will give them testimonials without them having to ask. And what that means is I get tons of testimonials and I get tons of, um, social proof from my clients. Because, because I give it out to the world, I receive it, if that makes sense. And I can, I can easily ask for it and easily expect it because I do it myself. Um, so what this means for my business is my clients are decisive and make quick decisions because I make quick decisions and won't tolerate maybes. It also means I get a ton of referrals because I expect them because I mirrored it, and I have more testimonials and social proof than anyone in the history of the internet. Like, I have more testimonials and social proof than anyone in the history of internet marketing. Like, I'm not even joking about that. Like, collated, we've got literally thousands of them. And this is because I give it out so freely. So... Not freely. Like, if, if someone doesn't deliver results for me, then I'm not, I'm not doing this. But let me give you, let me give you a wholesome example. Just an easy example, because this is ingrained as my life. Um, it was my mother's birthday recently and she came to visit me in London, and we went for a nice walk, um, around central London in, like, Mayfair. And in, um, in Mayfair, um... I think it was in Mayfair, there's a, there's a, there's a statue called the Arch of Wellington or the Wellington Arch or something, um, and it's sort of in, like... It's in central London. And that, um, that building is operated by a company called... I think it's English Heritage or British Heritage or something. English Heritage. Anyway, all of that to say, I was looking at this massive archway with, like, this chariot and this angel and this beautiful bronze statue. It's massive. And I wanted to know when it was built.So, I went over to the guy, um, who was under the arch, who was working there. He had a nice red tie on. His name was Clive. And this was a week ago. His name was Clive. And I said, "Hey, man, I'm just wondering, um, when, um, uh, d- do you work here, and if, if you, if you are, do you know when this thing was built?" And Clive gave me the most comprehensive, intelligently articulated, enthusiastic answer that I have ever received when it comes to, like, uh, l- historical knowledge. It was amazing. This guy, he lit up completely, and he was just... He told us all about it, he gave us all the details. He was knowledgeable, he was enthusiastic. He shook my hand, he shook my mother's hand. He was amazing. And then when we went to leave after he told us, he said, "One second," and he, he brought out a little postcard of the arch, and gave it to us, and said, "I give, I give little postcards to people that ask questions, 'cause I love answering them." That's a dude that deserves a r- a review. So, what did I do? I go on Trustpilot, I find the English Heritage Trustpilot page, and I wro- I write a Trustpilot review for Clive. Five stars. L- d- it's little shit like that that just makes your life and business so much easier, because you can expect that from the universe and from other people that you work with. So, every opportunity you get, you want to try and write good... Like, leave, like, nice testimonials for people. You want to, like, seek to give them referrals where you can, 'cause I've done this before as well. If I find a good restaurant, I'll recommend it to all of my friends. Like, it's just you need to learn to r- to project this stuff out into the world, 'cause then you'll receive it in kind, okay? You don't have business problems, you have personal problems reflecting on your business. So, any time that you, you, uh, hire someone or engage in a professional relationship with someone and they over-deliver, or they give you loads of value, or you find them to be really helpful, refer them as many people as you can. Like, go out of your way to be the best client possible, because you can expect that from other people, okay? Um, and let me give you some other examples in my life. So, the Clive example was, was a recent one, 'cause I do this all the time, right? But I couldn't find a specific book from an author that I knew existed, right? So, I was looking, um, I was looking for a very specific, um, niche knowledge book on subconscious psychology from Sigmund... Um, no, not from Freud. From Carl Jung. And I couldn't find the book on Amazon, but what I did find is I found it, um... I found the book was a PDF, right? So, I downloaded the PDF, I read the PDF. It was great. And then what I did is I went on Amazon and I bought another book from the same publisher, or the same author, so that the company who were selling the book got paid all the same. It, it, like... And, and I did that because I was like, I, I want... I, I don't want my, you know, m- moral balance sheet to be out of whack. Because, you know, if, if someone went through my shit, you know, and it was supposed to be paid an- and they went through it without paying, then I would want them to pay for it, right? And so that means I have to do that, I have to do, do that in the same way for all the other things. Another example. I watched a pirated movie with a friend, um... What was it? This was a while ago. They didn't want to re- re-... Yeah, okay, I remember it. So, I was with a friend, and they were like, "Oh, let's not rent the movie, let's just watch it for free," and I was like, "Sure, whatever." But when I got home, I g- I got home and I secretly went on Amazon Video and I rented the movie even though I'd already watched it. It was like 10 bucks. And I did that because, like, I don't want to, like, pirate shit or steal shit, because that's bad juju. Like, what that means is, if I'm going around pirating shit and stealing shit and not repaying the debts that I owe to the vendors that I've, you know, contracted from, whatever, like, um, then that, that's gonna happen to me and I'm gonna not be able to prevent that, right? So, you need to be on the ball with this stuff, and you need to be honest, you need to be moral, and you need to be good. And another example, um, one o- one of my ex-girlfriends, um, we, we went to a city in the UK called Bristol, which is a near city to where I grew up, and we had a reservation for a restaurant on Valentine's Day. Um, and, you know, we basically decided last minute that we didn't want to go to the restaurant and that we were gonna stay in and get a takeaway, so we were gonna watch a movie. Um, but the restaurant was a, it was a small restaurant, a cute little restaurant and, um, you know, I, I hadn't paid a deposit on the table or anything. So, I called up this restaurant an hour before service and I said, "Hey, look, I'm, I'm sorry, but we can't make the, the dinner tonight. Um, please can you email me your bank details so I can pay you the set menu amount that you would average for tonight? Because I understand that you're a small business, you're not gonna be able to fill this table in the next hour because it's Valentine's Day and everyone's got plans, so please send me an invoice for how much I'd have... I'd, uh, I would have paid had we gone to the re- the restaurant." And I remember the, the lady who ran that restaurant was called Babs. Her name was Babs G, um, that was the name on the bank account. And, um, and she, she was gobsmacked. She was like, "I, I can't... No one's ever done that before, can't believe that. Of course." Like, and then she sent me the invoice and it was like, it was like, uh, £80 or £90 or something. It was like £50 a head or whatever. And, um, and I just sent her the bank transfer. And at that time, I was, I wasn't even making that much money. I was making, like, couple of grand a month. But I knew that this shit mattered. And, you know, it's all... And, and now that, you know, if... It just, it just matters. It does matter, because if you treat people how you'd want to be treated, then people will treat you like that. Um, another example. Once, my masseuse... So, when I lived in Dubai, I had a wonderful, wonderful masseuse called Eunie. So, she was from Indonesia, she was from Bali, and she was a really great masseuse. And once, she showed up to my house for a two-hour massage, um, but I, but I forgot. So, I'd scheduled this massage with Eunie, and, um, I completely forgot about it, but she showed up anyway. And she was like, "Hey, like, I waited for, like, you know, an hour but you weren't in, so I went home." And, you know, she... That's as she waited out in the sun in Dubai. So, what I did is I paid her in full for the full two hours, even though the massage never happened. I said, "Don't worry, Eunie, um, I've just sent you the money for the two hours, because, you know, you could have been seeing another client and you could have made this money." So, I paid her the money. Um, another, ano- a while ago, this was, this was a little bit longer ago, um, one of my friends sent me someone's free course content. And I checked it out, and it worked. You know, I- I used this course content temporarily and it solved a problem for me. So, I tracked down the coach, booked a call with them, and paid for the value of the course (laughs). I was like, "Hey, man, like, I've been doing, like... I, I kind of got this thing for free, but, you know, here's the equivalent of, of what I should have paid you for it, because it worked for me." And, like, you know, you, you just... You can't get away with anything. Like, I, I have tried my best throughout my entrepreneurial career, and just personal life in general, to constantly settle the score, where I don't, I don't want anything hanging in the balance, any shady morals or shady shit. Now, this might seem like one, big virtue signal from me to you. Truly, I, I couldn't care less what you think about my moral status. That doesn't bother me at all. The point I'm trying to communicate here is I take this really seriously, and I want to be the dream client. Like, my entire mission with this thing is to become the best possible client, so if someone takes me on as a client, they're like, "Fucking hell, he's a brilliant client." And what that means is I can expect that from my clients, and I receive that from my clients, 'cause it's an energy transfer. People that always look for the cheapest and free information are doomed to fail. And this is huge, because if all you look for in your life is cheap and free, then all you're gonna attract in your life and your business is cheap and free. So, if you're the kind of client that just wants the cheapest and the freest stuff, right? And you want to just go around being an idiot and just stealing stuff and being- ... cheap and free, then all you're gonna attract in life and business are clients who want cheap and free stuff. People who look for loopholes to get stuff for free or for cheap are well and truly fucked in business in the long term, because they will carry this energy and project it onto their market and all their prospects. And all they're going to receive is cheap and free. It's no wonder that they can't get people to buy or invest in the full price because they don't do it themselves. So you get lots of people who, like, you know, they'll go and they'll pirate things and they'll steal things and they'll, they'll look for all of the shady, you know, loopholes to get shit for as cheap as possible, um, without paying full boat that people would deserve to get paid. And then what happens is these people can't get clients at full price. They can't get people to buy things. Why? Because they're projecting their perception of how they would deal in business onto the market, okay? And this also happens with pricing as well. You know, you're only willing to charge what you'd pay. So, you know, if you want to, if you want to charge a high-ticket price and you want to have real serious clients in your business, then it helps if you are yourself a real serious client. You know, like, if you're, if you're not willing to pay high-ticket for yourself and your business, if you're not willing to invest thousands of dollars in your own, um, in your own, like, development and knowledge, then how can you expect people to pay that to you? H- like, y- you can't. It's impossible, right? People who sell cheap low-ticket stuff only do so because all they've ever invested in is cheap low-ticket stuff. So how can you expect your s- people to invest high-ticket with you if you're not willing to invest high-ticket with yourself? How can you expect people to make a fast decision to invest with you if you're not willing to make fast decisions to invest with yourself? And how can you expect to charge what you're worth and demand high prices if you're always feeding off the bottom from free content and cheap rip-offs? I constantly look for opportunities to be a good client. So another example, I'll just ... But we'll close this up in a second, 'cause I know it's a bit of a, bit of a stretch. But someone in the internet marketing industry once gave me some really insane value, 'cause I was a friend of a friend. So a friend of mine, I needed some help with something very specific in business and I reached out to my friend, who I knew knew someone. And this person was like, "Oh, yeah," like, "No worries." So this guy hopped on a call with me and he spent, he spent two hours with me on the call, giving me advice for free, completely for free. Um, and I, I was like gobsmacked, 'cause it worked and I solved the problem. And without this person even having to ask, I then went on to purchase their paid product. So I just said to him, "Hey, send me an invoice for your course." It was a high-ticket course, was his, was his next, like, upsell thing. And I did this because, A, I wanted to say thank you and be a decent person, but B, to obviously extract more value from what already worked. So I was like, right, if your free stuff, if this, if this free, um, call that you gave me is this good, then your paid stuff must be even better. That's like a logical step, right? And that's almost always true. But also B, I was like, you know, this guy, I knew that the reason he gave me this free stuff was because he wanted me to naturally go on to buy the course. It's reciprocity, it's altruism, it's the way the world works, right? So I responded in kind and I did that. And now I've got a really good relationship with this guy and, um, you know, I'm, I'm close to him and he helps me out a lot. So always treat others how you'd want to be treated and never miss an opportunity to reciprocate to people who have done you big favors. So if someone's done you a big favor in business, like, always seek to settle the score and pay the debts. Like, you know, if you do, um, if, if someone's like really helped you out, like, ask yourself, like, "What, what can I do for this person that would make them, like, that would settle the score, that would allow me to reciprocate?" Is it, is it buying their stuff? Is it, is it referring stuff to them? Is it giving them testimonials? I will ask myself that all the time. And you need to have the discipline to remember to do this, because it makes your life in getting clients and keeping clients and your relationship with clients so much easier. This is the reason we get so many upsells, it's the reason we get so many referrals, it's the reason we get so many testimonials. And it's the reason why I- my relationship with my clients is amazing. It's because I try my best to be a good client. Now, let's talk about something called the endless source. So what I'm gonna do now is walk you through how to have discipline for days. And I don't mean days, I mean decades. Like, there is an endless source of discipline that you can find and dig up. And if you locate it, you'll be able to pull on it for years. It is an inexhaustible and sustainable source. It's like the sun, like, it's just, there's, there's a constant source of energy within you somewhere, locked away, that you can use to unlock unlimited discipline. And it's a big secret to keeping yourself on the straight and narrow and being relentlessly disciplined. So this is something called drive vacuums, and this is how you get endless discipline to do all of these things that I'm talking about. 'Cause trust me, like, you know, it's hard to delay gratification. It's hard to reserve judgments. It's hard to be the dream client. It's hard to make sacrifices. It's hard to do these things and be disciplined. So what you need to do is you need to find a, a source of energy to do this. And we do that using something called drive vacuums, and these are things in your psychology that are buried deep away. So a drive vacuum is a deep psychological need that you are trying to meet, and your business is simply a vehicle to meet it. So think about it, what you want is highly abnormal. So you want this big successful money business thing, right? It's not normal. You want this business thing and you, you know, it's, it's not conventional. You're not normal, and the only thing that separates you from others is your psychology, so somehow this must be different. Now, at first glance, your goal seems pretty simple, direct and straightforward. So let's say you want to make 10K a month. You want to get some clients, you want to become financially free. That's what your goal is, right? That's what you think you want. What you've got to recognize is that your financial goal is not really your goal. Like, the goal that sits in your consciousness, the money, the freedom, that's not really what you want. That's a vehicle for you to get something far deeper. It's not what you want. It's not the thing you're, you're, you're working for. So when it comes to your goal, you have what you need and you have what you wantWhat you want is the surface-level conscious idea of the future that you want to achieve. So this could be becoming a millionaire, making six figures, et cetera, et cetera. But underneath what you want is what you need, and if you can unlock the need and make that conscious, you can give yourself infinite fuels for discipline. So goals reveal drives, and drives help us understand ourselves better. So a drive is like a deep-based psychological need, like a need for love, or a need for affection, or a need for growth. Once you strip this dollar-per-month number down to the purest and most fundamental reason you want to grow your business, you'll have found your drive. Now, we call these drive vacuums because they're y- you- it's kind of this... A vacuum is like an, a space that, um, needs to be filled, filled, right? And so a drive vacuum is kind of like a, like a constant thing that needs, that needs to be filled and can constantly give you energy. And this is one of the most enlightening things a human being can do, is, is to find your drive. You need to find your deep psychological needs and drives so you can become ultimately disciplined. Once you bring this reason to your consciousness, you can use it every day to fuel your discipline and the transformation of your life to bring even more order to chaos. This is how we figure out why you do what you do, and most importantly, why you're putting yourself through all this pain. Because this is a bit weird. Like, this whole thing that you're trying to do with your business and your life is not normal. You're preparing to put yourself through decades of suffering just so you can experience a bit of growth in, like, the corner of univer- the universe in which you inhabit. That's not normal. You're not normal, which means that you have something abnormal in your psychology. Not in a bad, unhealthy way, but in a way that needs to be explored and discovered to understand why you want this. Why do you want to make 10K a month? Like, w- why do you want to get to, you know, the millionaire status? 'Cause, you know, a lot of people say they want that, but they don't actually do anything. You're actually doing something about this. Like, you're watching three, four-hour-long videos on, on discipline, and you're, you're a- attentively engaging in painful activities that drive you towards financial growth. What the hell is going on here? Because most people don't, most people who... By the way, most people who are in this course have given up by now. You're like, you're part of the 99... You're part of the 1% that are actually gonna make this work, 'cause you're still here. Most people who started with you in the same race have dropped out. They're gone. They're, they're, they've, they've got their vape out, and they're on fucking Instagram Reels looking at, I don't know, Joe Rogan memes or something. I don't know. I don't know what's on Instagram these days. But you get my point, right? So you have to be honest with yourself here. Why do you want what you want? Well, the chances are your goal and what you want might reveal some pretty ugly motives or maybe some healthy ones. Either way, we can understand these motives to realize why we feel compelled to chase our goal, and then the goal becomes the vehicle for satisfying the reason. So, I'm gonna give you some exercises here, and we're gonna get to the bottom of why you want what you want. Because Nietzsche said, "He who has a why can bear almost any how." And the how in question here is going through this course. It's doing the work. It's doing the sales course. It's doing the outreach. It's doing the struggling, the success thing. It's gonna suck. But, "He who has a why can bear almost any how." So any how means the work, but the why is the reason. Why are you doing this? It's kind of like when people, like... When we think about Ukraine, when we think about all the men in Ukraine that went to war and sacrificed their lives, well, that's a big ask. That's a big how. "He who has a why can bear almost any how." For them, the why was to protect their land and their families, you know? It doesn't get much closer to home than that. Like, when your why is to defend your country and your value system and your, um, your mother and your father and your family, like, that's a pretty big why. So, you know, in, in, um, in proportion, the how is pretty big. If you're going to go to war and sacrifice your life, you're only gonna do that if you've got a good enough reason to do that. And so we need to understand what your why is, because if you understand your why, then you can bear any how, and any- everything that you do will seem way easier because you know why you're doing it, if that makes sense. So things could get a bit ugly here. Just a little warning. So let's do some goal digging. So, not gold digging, but goal digging. So let's say that you want to make 20K a month, and that's your goal. Well, why? Well, it's because I want more money. Well, why? Well, it's because I want to buy a Lamborghini. Well, why? Because you don't, you don't just want to buy a Lamborghini. A Lamborghini is a vehicle... Literally just a vehicle, right? But a Lamborghini is a, is a, is a, is a methodology by which you can get something you need. You don't just, you don't just want... A La- a Lamborghini, at first principle, is just some colorful metal glass with a big fat engine in it. If, if I, if I just, if I just put in front of you that, you'd be like, "Oh, I don't really care about that." So why do you want a Lamborghini? Well, you desperately crave attention. Well, why do you desperately crave attention? Because growing up, your parents didn't give you any attention. So, the goal is to get to 20K a month. That's the surface-level conscious goal. But the need is to satisfy an unconscious craving for attention and to fill a ch- a hole from your childhood. So the wh- th- and I'm not saying this is necessarily your thing, but this is common. So, like, ask, "Wh- why, why would you want a Lamborghini? Why would you want a supercar? Why do you want to wear these fancy watches and have all this attention and have all this status? Why? Why? Why?" Now, yeah, there's an in-built basic status need that all men have and probably a lot of women as well that can explain it. You know, that buying a Lamborghini demonstrates, "Hey, I have some competence to, you know, have the financial means to purchase this, so, you know, glaze me." Sure. But a lot of the time, the things that you think you want come from very deep, dark psychological corners of your mind. So-You know, if you didn't get any attention when you were a kid, then buying a Lamborghini for you is a way for you to get attention from people which kind of fills that hole. It's a va- y- you're filling the, the vacuum of attention. That's your drive. Your drive is to get attention. And so because this drive is so desired, desire-driven, and wh- because the drive is so painful, not having the attention hurts so much, you'll put yourself through this. And basically it's a question of this, and listen to this, pay attention for a second. You will work if the consequence of not doing so is more painful than doing so. You will do what you need to do to get what you want if not getting what you want is more painful than, than having it. So what I'm saying here is for some people, getting to 20k a month is painful and it sucks, but if it's more painful to not have this attention, then you'll do the work. But if you don't care about this, then you won't do it. We only do things because we have a reason to do them. We don't just wake up and decide one day that we're gonna build successful businesses. Uh-uh. You don't want a successful business, you don't want financial freedom, you don't want a car, you don't want a watch, you don't want a penthouse, you don't want that. There's some- there's, there's always something deeper, and it's that deep thing, and it's, it's not having this deep need, this deep-rooted need that is the thing that is driving you to get up and do the work and do these weird irrational things like watching three-hour-long videos on, on how to develop pain tolerance. It's not normal, i- and it sucks, and it's painful. So there's a reason you do it. What about this? I wanna make 10k a month. Why? Well, I wanna replace my income to quit my job. Okay, well, why do you want to quit your job? Because I hate my current job. Well, why do you hate your current job? Because I hate being told what to do. Well, why do you hate being told what to do? Because it makes me uncomfortable to know that someone can exercise power over me and determine the quality of my life. Well, why do you hate that? Because maybe my father a- abused me, right? And I'm not saying my father abused me, by the way. My father's actually, um... That didn't happen at all. He's a wonderful man. Um, but this is, this is the point, is all of these crazy goals you've got that most people don't have are, are the result of something that happened to you. Trauma or something like... it might not be trauma. It doesn't have to be like some awful thing like being abused or, you know, like your mother not paying attention to you. But it could just be down to something as simple as not being able to get a girlfriend in high school, you know? Or it could be something as simple as, like, kids laughing at you because you weren't big enough or tall enough or something. You know, it's like bodybuilders, right? Like, what's the... what the hell's going on there? Like, people who get, like, st- jacked up and steroided and stuff, and they're, like, absolutely gigantic and massive and, you know, it's like they're clearly compensating for something. And that could be, it, uh, it could be co- a competitive thing, and they wanna, you know, win and compete, and that's a vehicle for them to, to exercise, you know, status from achievement that they didn't have when they were younger, or maybe they were really insecure when they were younger and so they took it to the extreme. You know, like pe- when you see people doing extreme shit like building online businesses and getting to million sta- million-dollar status, there's always something dark underneath. There's something dark under the hood. All of these top athletes, all of these top businessmen, all the top musicians, everyone who's done anything great, is a little bit fucked up, and you are as well, and you might not think you are, but you are. Now, I'm not trying to gaslight you here, but you don't do shit that's painful without having something more painful motivating you to do so. He who has a why can bear almost any how. So let me tell you mine. So my initial goal was to make 8,334 pounds per month. Why? Because I wanted to make six figures a year. Why? Because I wanted to avoid getting a nine-to-five. Why? Because being average scared me. Why? Well, I'll be honest with you. I have a deep narcissism that would feel shame if I turned out to be normal or just like everyone else. I am terrified of mediocrity. That's the truth. I'm... And, and why? Because I'm narcissistic on some core level. I couldn't stand... I would rather... Oh, I don't know. I think I'd say die is a bit extreme, but, like, I would, I would ra- let's put it this way. I would rather put myself through a decade of intense intentional disgusting suffering through work burnout, exhaustion, and fear than be normal. And that says something. Now, I would rather put myself through the wringer and suffer immensely in the process for years and years on end, with little to no break, sacrificing everything that means anything to me and that makes me feel good, just so that I don't have to be mediocre or normal. That's the truth. It's not about wanting to make this. This is the, this is the conscious communication. Like, the unconscious communicates to you through your goal. So when you think you want something or when you think you want a goal, yeah, you want that, but the reason you want that is because you need this. You need the thing that's in the unconscious. So my need is I need to be better than others. I need to perceive myself to be better than other people. And that's, that's me leveling with you and being honest. Like, I've got this... I wouldn't call it a flaw 'cause it's just a part of me, right? I got a part of me in my psychology that cannot stand mediocrity I have to experience growth and constant development in every area of my life constantly all the time consistently. It's exhausting, and it's, it, it sucks sometimes, but that's why I get such insane results in business and in life, is because of this. So I'm grateful for it. The key here is this deep dark reason you shouldn't hate. You shouldn't reject it. You shouldn't hide from it. It's your superpower. Think about any hero movie, any hero movie you've ever seen. Every hero becomes a hero because of something bad that happened to them. Like, it's kind of like the start of the hero's journey is they've got a boring shit life and something bad has happened, and so they become the hero. And then, you know, through that, you know, th- they, they bring this meaning to their, to their life, right? So you don't want to hate your why. You don't want to hate your need. You need to learn to leverage it. It is the i- it's the ultimate... It's like the, it's like the never-ending spring of life. It's the fountain of youth. It's the thing that keeps you going. It is crucial that you understand why, why this is... Now, the other thing is you might have multiple. So you're gonna have lots of different needs. There's gonna be multiple different needs that sit at the root of your psychology that will, um, dictate your behavior. There's not just one. There's usually a few, right? You need to c- uncover them and understand them and bring them to light and conscious- consciousness so you actually know, like, why you're doing what you're doing, because that way, when you go to do the stupid shit that you know you shouldn't do, like hide your Xbox under your bed instead of crushing it, you actually do the thing you need to do, because if you know why you're doing it, then you're more likely to do it But if you don't really know why, 'cause just saying you want to make some money, like, that's not really enough of a reason. It might... yeah, it kind of is. It's, it's tethered to this deeper part of you that just is desperate and desperately needs something, right? It's tethered through this, this unconscious string that goes all the way down to the, the base of your unconscious and your brain and your mind. So yeah. Understand, you don't set a goal to move towards a better future. You set it to move away from a painful past or present. You're not trying to move towards something. You're trying to move away from something. You must understand this. You might think that chasing your goal is noble, but really, you're just a terrified little boy running away from something deep and scary, and that's okay. I'm not judging you for it, and you shouldn't judge yourself for it. That's the truth. Anyone who wants to do anything great has this. Goals manifest from the.. ... deepest, darkest corners of your unconscious and your psychology. Goals sit on needs, the deep cycle to cre- deep psychological cravings that must be met for you to keep the anxiety, shame, and suffering at bay. Now, you might be thinking right now, "Hang on, Charlie, but I don't have any of these." You're wrong. You might be thinking, "I don't have any trauma, I don't have anything bad that happened to me." The story that I like to use is I was, I was bullied heavily when I was 11 or 12 years old, and because of that, um, one of my deep psychological needs was the need to- for control. And that manifested as me wanting to have a business, because I could not even begin to tolerate the idea of having a boss, because to me, a boss is someone who's in charge of me and is in control of my life and can exercise tyrannical control over me, i.e. that's bullying. So, what I did in my late teenage and early 20 years is build the business so that I could ensure that I never gave anyone the opportunity to bully me again. And I figured that one out, and I was like, "Fucking hell, that's pretty strong." When you figure it out, like, you can't stop working. It's like, when you actually figure this out and you find out why you're working so hard and why you want this, you'll never, ever lose the discipline. (laughs) Like, it's just, you're always... Well, yeah, you're gonna have ups and downs for sure, and you're gonna go through ruts and stuff, but generally speaking, you'll stay on track. Um, another one of mine was I didn't have a girlf- I s- I couldn't get a girlfriend, say, in my life. When I was young, when I was in, in secondary school, like high school as you'd call it in America, um, I couldn't get a girlfriend. I was useless with women. I was one of those low-status, skinny kids that was just, like, playing video games and useless with girls and unhealthy, and I couldn't talk to girls, didn't have any courage. And, you know, so one of the reasons that I wanted to, um, become successful and one of the, um, one of the things that my, my psychology was predicated on for success was a lack of women and attention from girls, and so I saw, or my unconscious saw, a business as an opportunity to build my status, build my confidence, and build my resources so that I could attract wh- whichever girl I wanted to. Now, I'm not saying that right now I could attract any girl I wanted to. I'm, I'm sure there's plenty of girls that wouldn't have any interest in me at all, but the point is that I no longer struggle with r- receiving that attention from women should I so choose to get it, if that makes sense. And that's how your brain works. There are things that you want, that you don't have, that you need, and your brain, your brain will use this idea of the business to develop it. You don't want to start a business. Get this through your head. You're not here because you want to start a business or because you want clients or because you want to be successful. You're here because you're running away from something deep and dark, and your unconscious sees the business as the vehicle for you to hop in to run away from this thing. And that's fine, and you should do it, and you shouldn't be afraid of it, and you shouldn't shy away from it, because there's nothing stronger than this. And even if you haven't been through any significant trauma, maybe you weren't bullied, maybe you got girls in school or something, there is a reason, because everything happens for a reason, everything's cause and effect. You think that you just wanna be wildly successful and richer than 99% of people for no reason? You think that's just come out of nowhere? Do you think you're just wired in, in that way, that you're genetically predisposed to want to succeed? No, no, it's psychological, it's a psychological thing, okay? So, what we're gonna do is a little exercise to discover your drive vacuums. And this is well worth doing. So, it's crucial to understand that your drive vacuums, um, they do come with a danger, um, which we'll explore in just a second here. But we need to, we need to discover them first. So, here we have the resource of Discovering Your Drive Vacuums. And drive vacuum is your deep psychological needs that are basically... All of your behavior is predicated on. Think about it, why the hell do you want a business? You know, it's, it's wh- it's part of the reason why I h- I'm so consistent with YouTube. Like, I, I'm a narcissist. Like, part of me is narcissistic, and part of me loves receiving attention. And like, I, you know, I, I thrive off this 'cause I didn't get much when I was a kid, right? In school. You know, I didn't have any friends, um, I was bullied, I didn't have a girlfriend, and I was very lonely. You know? Sure, I had my mum and dad, but, you know, when you're a 12-year-old kid, you don't really care too much about that, right? Um, so, you know, I didn't have any attention from friends or anything for a long time. And so, it's no wonder that I'm able to keep my YouTube channel so ruthlessly consistent, because what is YouTube? It's attention. I've always thought about this. Like, the one thing that I've kept consistent no matter what is YouTube, for the last, like, four years. Like, you know, I've had ups and downs with everything except from that one thing. And I was like, "Hmm, why is that? Why am I so consistent with YouTube? Ah, that makes sense, because it's a way for me to garner attention from hundreds of thousands of people who say nice things about me." (audio glitches) So anyway, that aside, let's have a look at this exercise. So, this is basically discovering your drive vacuums, AKA your endless source of discipline. So, like I said, this can get a little bit ugly and you might not like what you find, but sadly, we are motivated more by darkness than the light. So, here's what you gotta do. So first of all, number one, get yourself a blank sheet of paper. I'm just gonna put this in the right font this second. Get yourself a blank sheet of paper and a pen and write down five bullet points labeled one, two, three, four, and five. And what I want you to do is next to number one, put down your desired monthly revenue for your business. So, as we had over here, you know, write down how much you wanna make per month, okay? And put that next to number one. Then what you wanna do is, for step number two, is ask yourself why you want this goal. So, why do you want what you want in number one? And then once you've done that, then you ask yourself, why do you want number two? So, you know, you're gonna put down, "I wanna make 10K a month." And then you might, you, you ask yourself, "Well, why do you want to make 10K a month?" it's like, "Oh, because, you know, I want to save 100K." And then it's like, "Why do you want to save 100K?"Oh, because I want to buy a house. Oh, why do you want to buy a house? Oh, because, you know, I've never had a home before because I was an orphan. You know, th- these things, they reveal themselves pretty quick. So then, ask yourself why you want the thing that is number two, and then you basically repeat this. So then, step number four is you ask yourself why you want the answer to number three, and again and again and again. And basically, what you do is you- you ask yourself why so many times until you get to the bottom of why you want to make this money. So you can get it done in five steps. Sometimes it might take seven or eight, maybe ten. But you need to stop circling around the truth and find the thing. Now, I know I've already asked a lot of you by having you watched this video already and doing the action items and stuff, but I'm sure you're starting to realize by now that this stuff actually works and it's worth doing. It takes thought and it takes concentration, and it won't come naturally for you to begin with because the truth, that these deep psychological... Th- th- there's a reason these things are unconscious, and that's because they're quite painful to come to terms with 'cause it brings up a lot of shit. But remember, we are just doing nothing but putting deposits into the bank of good old suffering. That's what we're doing here, right? So it's not gonna come naturally. It's hard to do this. It's gonna take you an hour or two to do it, but I promise it'll be worth it. Think through it yourself. Think it through by yourself with no distractions until you're certain of the base drive. Now, there might be, like I said, multiple. So often, you know, there, I'll put this here, there might be multiple. So often, there's three, four, five things maybe, two or three or four or five things that might be why you want to be successful and make this money. Take every single chain of questioning down to its core and find the bottom. You have to be honest with yourself here, and the chances are is that your goal might reveal some ugly motives or some pure or maybe healthy ones. Either way, we can understand these motives to realize why we feel compelled to chase our goal, and this will give us a huge advantage. So what this is gonna do is basically give you your why, and you'll understand really why the hell you're actually doing this thing in the first place. And once you become aware and conscious of that, your- the likelihood of you maintaining your discipline is significantly (bell chiming) increased, and it also is nice to understand why you want to be disciplined in the first place. Okay? So piece of paper and a pen. In case you're wondering what method this is called, it's called Socratic reasoning. Socratic reasoning is basically just where you ask why all the time. So you- you say a statement, and then you question that statement, and then you question the statement of the statement, and you keep going until you find the truth. And, you know, it might take you five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten whys. But eventually, you'll get to the bottom of something, and you'll look at it, and you'll not want to see it 'cause it's gonna be a little bit ugly. But there we go, you know? It could be to do with something in your childhood. It could be to do with something you were deprived of. It could be to do with something you needed but didn't get. It could be to do with a shame or some guilt or an anger or anything, you know? It doesn't have to be about women or about, you know, love or relationships. It can be lots of different things, and you- you know this 'cause your unconscious knows it. You just need to find the truth and get to the bottom of it, okay? So go and do that right now. It's gonna take you some time, and it's gonna be a little bit of a painful thing to do. But go and do it. Write it down. Do it now. Pause the video. Okay, so the other reason that we need to understand your drive vacuums is because there is- there is a danger, okay? As we know, goals, financial or otherwise, are subconscious manifestations of desire that have a root in a fear, trait, or desire. More often than not, like, multiple fears. So the reason you want your goal, money or whatever, is because you're manifesting a desire to escape a painful situation, okay? And often, these drives come from your childhood because you lack something, like I told you about the girl thing, right? Um, upon reflection, and with the advantage of maturity and retrospect, if I'm being honest, um, when assessing my motivations for starting my business, the drive for female- female attention and for not being bullied were the forefront of my dr- um, drive vacuums. Like, the reason that having a business, um, appealed to me and the reason that I became so attached to that idea was because my subconscious saw an opportunity to fill these drive vacuums. Because if I had a successful business, making six or more six figures, I would be able to find a girlfriend, and I would no longer be in a- in a- in a vulnerable state where someone could bully me. That was- that was basically what my subconscious was translating. Now, here's where this creates a problem, and you might have- you might be thinking this one- you might be thinking this through, and you're like, "Hmm." Eventually, I made 8,334 pounds a month. It felt great. I ended up going on loads of dates and had a great time. Wasn't bullied, didn't have a boss, and school teenage me would have loved it, and he did. But what happened is I had filled the drive vacuum. My motivation for work completely dropped the second I became successful, and I ended up regressing way back. It was like my subconscious had just said, "Mission accomplished," and signed out. My point and the moral of this story? Your drive vacuums will help you achieve your goal, but they will not help you go beyond that. Once your subconscious or unconscious feels that the need has been met, the motivation will disappear. And this- this is exactly what happens with people who become successful and plateau, and they stop experiencing consistent growth because they've ultimately got what they set out to do. Now, for some people, that's all they want, and that's absolutely fine. But just don't be surprised if you fill this drive vacuum, you get to 10K a month, you get to millionaire level, whatever that looks like for you, and you suddenly become demotivated. Understanding why you're putting yourself through the pain is helpful, but once you have the physical item that you wanted, like money or a car or freedom, your motivation to continue driving forward and making progress will diminish. And this is why humans get stuck. They hit a goal and then lose the drive and work ethic that got them there.Or basically what happens is they plateau. So you get to 10k, 20k a month, and then you lose the motivation that got you to that, but you just sustain it because if you lose it, then you, you lose your ability to fill the need, right? Because if you make 10k a month, and then you go back to making 0k a month, then you're not gonna have any girls or w- um, I'm, I'm, my point is not that you'll, you can't get girls if you're broke, but you know what I mean, right? You know, you have to have a boss or something. So your unconscious will fight like hell to not break the standard and to maintain what it's achieved, but motivation goes away. So if a subconscious drive is powerful enough, the human will figure out how to fulfill it if it has the means to do so. And this is, of course, a simplification. It's a model based on just my experience and reading a ton of books. But if you're already making good money and feel comfortable, then your past and current stagnation is nothing but a by-product of you having nothing to drive you. This is the psychology of stagnation. So here you're dead broke and you want a girlfriend, or for me it was, uh, have- it was having a girlfriend or sexual attention basically, um, if I'm being honest, and, um, and being bullied, right? Second I got to 10k a month, I was no longer in a position to be bullied and I could get female attention. And so the reasons that I were working were no longer reasons to keep working. So what I would do is I would sustain my 10k a month income, um, but I struggled to sort of break through that plateau because I didn't have a reason to do so. And so the way that you combat this is, is pretty straightforward. Um, we'll talk about that in just a second. Um, well, understanding your drive vacuums, um, will give you the drive to achieve your goal, is important. But you will know there is a strong danger that once you achieve the goal and satisfy it, your behavior will revert and you'll regress or just maintain. If you're at the point where you feel comfortable and your business is stagnant, then the quickest way to fix this plateau is to do some soul-searching and find another why. And basically, this is, this is cool because you find a why that's bigger than you, and to find your why, you actually wanna do this thing. Because if you don't have a why, you won't bear any how. The key is to realize that we don't have business problems again, we have personal problems that appear in the business. And if you're not motivated and you're not... well, it's not about motivation, but if you can't seem to muster up the care to have the discipline, it's because you don't have a strong sense of why. Because remember, there's no pain pushing you. Pain is petrol. There's no point in having one of our proven appointment booking systems or sales scripts or funnels because, you know, you won't use them and they won't work. So the why is basically the most important thing because everything stems from it. So you need to find that negative gnarly emotion and use it, you know, anxiety, fear, dread, shame, guilt, um, g- guilt, hate, anger, fear, sadness, grief, loneliness. Find that emotion that you don't like feeling, feel it, and then that's how you get your discipline. 'Cause when one of these emotions is more painful than the work, you will do the work. Now, once you've fulfilled your drive vacuum, if you, if you're wondering, by the way, like how do you break out of a plateau, it's about making the business and your work about more than you. It's about embarking on a mission and a vision and entering into a big grandiose thing. You, my friend, do not have to worry about that until, um, until you're, like, successful So once you get to six figures, more than six figures, you might have a plateau, then you need to do some soul-searching, find a vision, and have a bigger reason to work. That's where EasyGrow comes in. I have no doubt that you'll get into EasyGrow anyway, and in fact, you might have already booked a call to (laughs) look at it because, um, it wouldn't, uh, it wouldn't surprise me if people started doing that at this point in the training. Um, 'cause, you know, it comes back to this thing, like, you look at the free stuff, think about the paid stuff. I mean, you think this is good? You wait till you see Acquisition Genesis and just you wait. Anyway, right, so yeah, that's, that's my point. Don't worry about fulfilling these. Just, just for now, let's just fulfill them, and when you hit the plateau and you get to that point where you've got the money and you've got what you wanted and you plateau and can't find the motivation, that's when we start talking about vision, and that's part of what EasyGrow will help you solve alongside the client acquisition stuff as well. So we need to achieve consistency. So now that we've done this, the next portion of this video is dedicated to consistency and finding, um, finding a consistent, steady flow of work. Because, you know, th- this is where we're gonna talk about rest. So up until now, this point in training, our whole attention has been on these things here, right? So we've talked about, um, being, you know, all or nothing, delaying gratification. We've talked about sacrificing and giving as much up as we can for our goals to get the fla- flame to burn. We've done a sacrifice audit. We've talked about focus and having discipline to focus. We've talked about projections and having the discipline to c- control these things and not judge people We've talked about discipline to become a good client or to become the best client you can, and we've talked about the discipline to find the reason you want to find the discipline in the first place, right? Drive vacuums. Um, now, what we need to talk about is the opposite of discipline, which is rest. So this diagram might seem familiar to you, um, from, from previous videos or something. But the key to this whole thing is to not overdiscipline yourself because when... in, in the current digital sphere of grind, hustle, success, online content, everyone's very, very hard jammed on the discipline side of this, of this bi- of this scale. So the opposite of discipline is rest, and if you want to learn how to become hyperdisciplined, you also need to learn how to become hyperrested. The key to discipline is rest. The key to work is time off, and I'm gonna explain this, and no one has ever talked about this before and you have never heard this. It's easy to get hard jammed on discipline. See, everyone does this. Everyone gets hard jammed on discipline, and they burn themselves out. When you burn yourself out, you're of no use to yourself, your business, or anyone. And so if we imagine that discipline and rest is like a sliding scale where you can sit on either side, everyone just sits here and they identify with discipline and they emotionally attach themselves to discipline, and they reject rest. So any sort of rest or relaxation behavior is rejected, vilified, demonized, and pushed away. That's not good. What you need to be able to do in your life through your business and your work is flip between the two states. Sometimes you need to be disciplined, most of the time you do, but sometimes you need to be deeply rested as well because the key to discipline is rest, and you need to have the discipline to not be disciplined It's a paradox, okay? It's a paradox. You need to learn how to rest. So let me tell you my personal story with finding consistency, um, because, you know, I, I hard jammed myself on this discipline thing and, you know, I, I became hardwired in my identity, in my... I was, I was... my, my, I was polarized to discipline and, you know, the duality of discipline and rest, I was polarized to it. And for the first few years of my life in business, really for the first, like, five years honestly, I didn't really learn this thing f- until way too late, only recently in the last year or two have I, have I figured this thing out. Um, but when I was younger, I would burn out constantly. Once, at the start of my entrepreneurial journey, I worked so hard that I started developing serious mental and physical health issues. So when I was, like, 18 or whatever it was, I was working three jobs, speed reading a book every few days, making cold calls with every waking moment I had, starting my business, and I hadn't... I left no time for rest. Every... I'm not exaggerating, every waking minute.. ... was spent watching educational videos in two times speed, speed reading business books, working one of my three semi-full-time jobs and working on my business. I slept less to do more work, I ate fast food to save time to do more work, and I kept this pace up for about nine months, in f- in spite of every fiber of my body screaming at me to slow down and stop. No matter what, come hell or high water, I did the work. I'd get sick, I'd get exhausted, I'd get anxious, I'd get brain fog, I'd get night terrors, and the worst, I would disassociate from people and get, contract symptoms of mental s- disassociative disorders. I got fucking ill. For nine months of my life, I n- I, I became so polarized to discipline and so hard-jammed on this end of the scale, that I made- I nearly killed myself. And I know that sounds like an exaggeration, and I know that sounds like some crazy thing to say, but I got to the point where for months I was c- I didn't think people were real. I was so burned out and so exhausted, but I carried on plugging away because I thought discipline was the key, and she kind of was, that if I was talking to someone, I would think that they weren't real and I started to think that I was the only person on this planet that was real, and that all social interaction was fake, and the only thing that mattered was me, my business, and my discipline, and everything else was, was useless and everybody else had b- had nothing to do with it, and they were like NPCs and I was all alone. That's called disassociation disorder, and I started to develop it because I worked so hard. And that's where you take yourself. And this was not a good thing. Now, that's great, right? Pushing beyond my limits. Fantastic, no? Grind, hustle, work, work, work, work, do it when you don't feel like it, don't be a pussy, that all sounds amazing, yeah? Wrong. This was absolutely one of the stupidest things I've ever done in my entire life and I wouldn't say I regret it. At the time, it was hell. So basically, after this insane nine-month stint of hyper-discipline, where I basically was working, and I'm not even joking here, probably 100 hours a week, I w- th- I don't think you guys under- I di- I slept for as little as I could, I ate as quickly as I could, and every waking moment of my day was spent doing something that I deemed dis- uh, uh, disciplinary, whether that was speed reading, listening to business videos in two times speed and- whilst I was driving to my jobs. Like, there was not a, an hour for about nine months that I took off. I was on Saturdays, Sundays, non-stop, no holidays, no nothing, no social, just, no social life, no break, nothing. No video games, no nothing. It was like hyper-hy- as, as disciplined as you can possibly comprehend, times five. I nearly hospitalized myself and I got to a breaking point. And I'll tell you the story, and I get a bit emotional when I talk about this 'cause it's- it was a little bit traumatic. It got to a point where I didn't even know who I was or where I was anymore. Like, I genuinely didn't even think that I had, like, a identity. Everything happened on autopilot Once, while driving back home from one of my hospitality jobs at night, I literally got lost. So I burned myself out so much that I would do things and my body would be moving, but I felt disassociated from my body. Like, I just, I was like a robot just watching my body go around doing things. It was fucking horrible. I was driving around in the dark, totally disorientated and burned out. So I was coming back from one of my jobs. It, it was a- I used to work, um, at a golf course, um, in, um, in Somerset. Um, it was, yeah, it was a golf course in Somerset, which is in the south-west of the UK, and, um, I had no idea how to get home. So I got lost driving home. Like, I'd done this drive over and over again, but I, I got to this point where I was so brain fogged and so anxious and confused and just n- had no idea what was going on that I got lost. And eventually I found my way home after, like, two hours of struggling around in the dark, driving around trying to find my way home. It was, like, a 30-minute drive, did it in two hours, and when I got home, I went to my room, I sat on my bed, I turned on my red LED lights, and I had a four-hour panic attack. And this was, like, consecutive back-to-back panic attacks. And basically what started happening is I started, like, blacking out and g- having panic attacks and, like, everything was black and then, like, I, I was like I couldn't breathe, and it was fucking awful. It was the worst moment of my life by a mi- by a mile. It was terrifying. By far the scariest experience of my life. I genuinely thought that I was gonna have a heart attack and die Like, for four hours I just, I couldn't, I was like hyperventilating, like I couldn't breathe, I was, like, screaming into my pillow. I kept, like, passing out. Like, I thought I was going blind, I thought I was going mad, I thought I was about to lose my sanity. Like, I was p- I, I'm, I'm, I'm, I get, I'm, I'm stressed just talking about it 'cause it was the most horrific experience of my life. I quite literally had a work-induced manic episode. It was like a, it was like, literally like a temporary breakdown of all cognitive, um, and physio, physiological emotional function. For about a week I existed, after this happened, I couldn't sleep, I existed in this, like, totally delirious state. I couldn't speak, I d- I didn't have any appetite, I couldn't eat. I would just lay in bed without any real concept of time or conscious- it was fucking awful. Like, I, I can't even begin to describe the, the state I was in. Like, for, like, a week, I laid in bed in the dark and just stared at a wall. And I didn't know wh- I d- I didn't have any cons of the time. I couldn't, like, I couldn't, I could hardly, like, muster up any words to talk to my family. I didn't have any appetite, and I just, I couldn't even, like, I g- it was, I d- I can't describe it. I, I, total, total burnout. And I'd have constant night terrors. I didn't know when was night and when was day 'cause I was, I, like, I'd, I sat inside, like, in the dark and I was, I kept getting paranoid that there was, like, someone, like, outside in the window, like, looking in. Like, I was, I went to a really, really dark, bad place Um, and so I had sleep paralysis for, like, a week, and my entire world was just covered in this thick layer of brain fog. I remember at one point I, I, I wanted to get out and go to the supermarket, so I got in my car, and I got, I, I went to drive and it was, like..It was- it was almost like I was driving through mist, like the brain... I had to stop driving 'cause I, I was, like, so brain fogged. It was- it was- it was obscene. And at the time, I was terrified because I thought there was something deeply wrong with my brain or my- or my chemistry. I was like, "Fuck, I'm- am I like ... Am I ill? Am I going to have to be checked into, like, a mental institution?" And I was, you know, my, um, I remember my- my mum was t- talking to me about it and, like, she was saying... Because I was in a bad way, I was, like, shaking in bed, like, just not eating anything, like, pale as hell, like, saying there's people outside trying to get in the window, and, like, only- only- only refusing to turn on any lights except for my red LED lights. I was just weird. I went weird for a week. And my mum thought, like... I mean, she actually didn't communicate this to me, but I- I'm pretty sure... Because she told me this a while ago that she was thinking I- I'd have to go to, like, hospital or something, and like, you know, or- or some sort of mental thing. Like, I really wasn't well. Um, and in hindsight I just burned myself out and was experiencing a massive, massive crash-out. What I was basically suffering with was the consequences of nine months of non-stop discipline. And like I said, this is- th- this sounds extreme, this- this crash-out. It sounds like I'm exaggerating and lying, which I promise you I'm not. But what I was suffering was the result of nine months of every single waking moment of the day being in some way, shape, or form applied to discipline. And, you know, the- the more extreme that is, the more extreme the- the crash-out. This was not good. And what followed after this week, this... I had the four-hour panic attack, um, where I was, like, bli- going blind and shit, and, like, not being able to breathe and thinking I was dying. Um, then I had, like, the- the week of delirium and panic and paranoia and terror. And then what followed after that week was a massive physical and emotional fallout. So my body practically forced me to do nothing for three months, and it took me really, like, a good year to fully recover and be able to produce work again. Um, it didn't take me a year to be able to work again, but it took me three months to be able to, like, socialize myself and be normal again. I couldn't read, I couldn't work, I couldn't exercise or do anything productive. You know, eventually I started a sales apprenticeship and I- I, you know, I went- I went dark mode, I went, like, rest mode for, like, three months. Like, I was, like, in a, like a mental coma almost. Um, but then, like, I- I got on a, I got a sales apprenticeship, I got back on the rails, I started my agency and this was pre-first agency, right? Um, but really, it took me, like, a proper good year before I was in a- any state to, like, really, like, get back to work, you know? Like, it- it- it took me a while. Anyway, I'm telling you this story because this is burnout, and this is what happens when... This is what would happen to you if I ended the video here. So as you'll notice, this video's already quite long and, you know, we're not even halfway through the doc yet. And that's because the key to discipline is rest. And I have learned this the fucking hard way. And not just the hard way, the really hard way (laughs). Like, you know, if there's anything that you pay attention to in this mindset training, this is huge because, yeah, it... This- this is, like, the big answer that- that I was missing in my life. I was... Yeah, anyway, let's get into it. So, I truly met burnout, and since then I've come close to true burnout a couple of times here and there, but nothing remotely close to this absolute crash-out that I had when I was 17 or 18. So, you know, burnout is basically forced rest, it's when your body... You've pushed your body and your mind so far that your body gives you no choice but to rest, right? And it's all good and well, you know, listening to the Trial by Fire Training and the Unrelenting Discipline Training here and saying, "Well, you know, it's my character and I'm gonna force it, and I'm the puppet master of my puppet and I'm gonna force it to do the work, and if it pulls a knife I'll pull a gun," and all this stuff But that works to a certain point. There comes a point when your body will just literally shut down and it will force you into, like, panic and delirium and pure terror, and then you'll just be paralyzed because it needs to recover, you know? So yeah, I've come close to burnout a few more times, but nothing close to this ever again. Like, I will never go this far. Like, never, ever, ever, ever. So, let's talk about rest and recovery and how this all relates to burnout. So, athletic recovery. In sports and with physical exercise, we naturally understand how this works. If an athlete trains too hard, they get injured. All great athletes prioritize recovery, which is the art of taking care of the body so it can adequately repair itself after intensive training. And your mind is no different. As an entrepreneur, you are what we would call a mental athlete, and this means that you put your mind and your body through intensive daily workouts just like an athlete would put through their- put through their body. So for example, today, I'm spending today recording this video for, you know, hours on end, and that's like a workout for my brain and my mind. So I'm- I'm- I'm sat here at my desk, so I'm not physically exerting myself, but mental and physical exertion work with the same mechanism. So if I ran a marathon today for four hours, then I'd be pretty exhausted. In the same way that if I spend four hours recording program content, I'm gonna be pretty exhausted and I'm gonna need some time to recover after this, right There's... Y- you gotta start looking at your brain and your mind the same way that you look at your body. Because we understand this, athletically speaking, that your body is a organic machine and it needs rest and it needs time off and it needs to recover. And, you know, if you- if you went on... If you went to the gym, um, three times a day and pushed yourself really far, within a week you'd be burned out and you'd have to take time off the gym. And the same thing is true with work and your mind. In the same way that an athlete will rest their body and partake in behaviors that boost recovery, like ice baths, lots of sleep, good diet, et cetera, you need to learn to do the same thing for your mind. So you need to learn to remove hyperstimulation when you're trying to restYou might need to learn to meditate, you might need to learn to relax and sleep, et cetera. In most sports, athletes have an on and an off season. The on season is when they're competing at the highest level, pushing themselves as hard as they can. During off season, they'll still train, but with far less intensity, giving themselves and their body a well-earned and well-deserved rest and break. They're recovering. So the key here is understanding this word, which is recovery. Athletes massively prioritize and focus on recovery, which is allowing their body to repair the tissue that they've destroyed through their training. And if they don't recover, they don't win. You ask any athlete, any professional sportsperson, the key for them becoming successful is recovering from their training sessions. The same thing is true in the bodybuilding world. If a bodybuilder gets burned out, i.e. their central nervous system starts slowing down or starts going wrong, then they do something called a deload. So in bodybuilding, you have a deload, which is where you don't train for a certain period of time, like a week or two, allowing the body to recover from the intensive training. Another example, if you have an accident, so let's say you're in a car accident which has seriously harmed your body. Then what your body will do, or what your body can do, is induce a coma. The seriousness of the accident will determine the seriousness of the coma. So, you know, if you go- if you're in a car accident and, you know, you, you break parts of your skull and your body and your bones are destroyed, like, what your body can do is put you into a coma, which is like the most extreme form of forced recovery. Your body will just completely shut down so that it can recover. And the same thing is true with, um, animals that hibernate. Like, we see recovery in all sorts of examples when it comes to the body, but it's in, it's, it's, it's definitely prevalent in the athletic world as well, in the bodybuilding world. So recovery is key and recovery is crucial, but the mistake entrepreneurs make is they forget that the mind is an extension of the body, which is an organic system that also needs to recover. Your mind is not a machine. As much as you'd love to be a computer and a robot, you're not. And even then, computers have to be charged. Every, the, the kind of like the law of physics and nature is that things that require energy have to be recharged. Like, if you use your phone for like 10 hours, you're gonna have to put it on charge. If you use your brain for 10 hours, you're gonna have to put it on charge. Yes, that's sleep, but there's other things that you need to do and you need to learn to rest and you need to learn to recover. Because, you know, working with full intensity back to back for months on end without any break or rest is the equivalent of trying to do that with your body. Your body's gonna break down. Now, the cool thing about athletes and sportspeople and professional sportspeople is the more you train the body and the better you get at recovery, the longer you can go and the more intense your training can be because recovery is a skill, and you can get better at it and your body becomes more conditioned. It's called conditioning in, in science, sport science, right? So with your brain, with your mind, the same thing is true. There's a reason why I can sit here and maintain coherent thought in incredibly abstract, complicated ideas for three to four hours on end without any cuts or making mistakes or having to take a break. So I've been recording now for what, best part of like three hours or something like that? I don't know what the time is, right? It's three o'clock, but three hours, and I haven't taken breaks, I haven't gone off, I'm, I'm like training right now. I'm training my mind, I'm like intensely disciplined. And, you know, i- if, if you tried to do that, you probably wouldn't be able to. But I've been doing this for a long time, and so my stamina, my mental conditioning for mental exerted discipline is significantly greater because I've been doing it for a long time. So you can get better at this. Now, the body can only be pushed so far. If you ran a marathon today, you'd probably be pretty physically useless tomorrow. If you drank a ton of alcohol today, you'd probably get a hangover and be pretty useless tomorrow. And if you got knocked out today, you'd probably be pretty useless tomorrow. This is easily understood when it comes to the body. You, we all know if you push your body too far, you need to rest and it will force you to rest. Try and run a marathon right now and see what happens, see how you feel tomorrow. You're gonna be sore, you're gonna be exhausted, you're gonna be lower motivation, you're gonna be all over the place, and you're gonna lie in bed and do nothing. And that's because you pushed it. Same thing with alcohol, same thing with exercise, right? But people for some reason don't see the mind the same way. Now, the mind is definitely more quote unquote tanky than the body, i.e. you can push it really far before it snaps. But the mind will snap if you overcook it. So, my example here of entering a state of pure panic and delirium and having this literal crisis and this manic episode, this was my mind breaking. This was the equivalent, like your body breaks by going into a coma or, you know, make, like, you see people, athletes that train until they throw up or pass out, right? And that's obviously what it takes to get to the top sometimes. It's not very healthy, but, you know, I think if you, yeah, we're not gonna go down that route. But you, you get my point, right? Um, but, you know, you can push th- your mind pretty far, but it will have a limit, and it will give you some pretty nasty shit to deal with for a very long time to, you know, to sort of get over it. Um, so you need to bear this in mind with the brain. And the coolest mental model that I could come up with to help you understand how recovery and rest and discipline work and the relationship between these variables is homeostasis. So, this is homeostatic disciplinary regulation. So, your body runs on something called homeostasis. And homeostasis is kind of like a system in your body that is responsible for the cooling and heating of the body to maintain a stable internal body temperature so that your body can perform functions that keep you alive. So your body wants to be at 37 degrees Celsius. Now, I don't know what that is in Fahrenheit for you Americans, but 37 degrees Celsius is the temperature that is optimal for your body. In case you're wondering why, it's because that's where enzymes can catalyze substrates at the fastest level. Biology lesson over. Your body does the same thing for blood sugar and fluid balance. So your body has got all these different systems in your, in, i- i- in your body that, that balance these, these key little biological markers, right? So if you get too hot, what will happen is you'll start sweating to cool yourself down. If you get too cold, you'll start shivering to, um, to, to, to heat yourself up. If your blood sugar drops too low, then your insulin will shift. If your blood sugar gets too high, then your insulin shifts. If you drink too much water, then your kidneys will go into overdrive to process that water, and that, that's a reaction that's, um, that's triggered through the hypo- hypothalamus in the brain. And so your body has these ways to measure different internal balances and it has different reactions that it can produce to balance things out. Now, using this temperature example, um, obviously we can see, you know, if you get too cold, you heat up, if you get too hot. So this is an example, right? So what you can see here on this graph, um, with the homeostasis temperature example, is a few different things. So we've got the optimal temperature that your body wants to maintain, you know, from, from an evolutionary standpoint where enzymes catalyze substrates at the fastest level, which is 37 degrees Celsius. So that's, that's probably unless... If you're not sick or you're not in a sauna or you're not in the cold plunge, then your body temperature is probably 37 degrees. And, you know, we have this, we have a little bit of margin here where your body could also probably do just fine at 38 or 36. Like, it's not that bad, right? And so homeostasis is basically the process by which your body oscillates between these points to try and find the most optimal balance. This is the optimal range. Now, what we have is above anything... ...that is 38 or below anything that is 36 is where we start to enter the danger zone. So, this would be danger zone one, and this would be danger zone two. If you got to 44 degrees, you'd probably die, and if you got below 31 degrees, you'd probably die. Now, not necessarily. There's actually, there was a child, I think, that got to, like, 15 degrees Celsius and survived by some miracle. But for the sake of this m- model, we're gonna keep it simple. Bad things happen down here, bad things happen up here. The higher you go, the lower you go, the worse off you're gonna be, and you're not gonna feel very nice. When you get a fever, you know, and when you get ill, you know, you can get a internal body temperature of, like, in the 40s or whatever, and, you know, you're gonna be shaking and shivering and you have to take, like, tablets and stuff to bring your fever down. T- same thing if you, if you, you know, by- if you, if, if let's say that you're in the Arctic Ocean and you fall in the ocean and you're in there for 20 minutes. Your body temperature's gonna drop, and you know, you're gonna go into hyperthermia. So, we don't want to go either of these ends, all right? So, in the diagram above, there are no drastic changes in your external or internal environment. So, you know, your body's just oscillating. We're not in the sauna, we're not in the ice bath, we're not in the, we're not out in the winter with no coat, it's not snowing, we've got no infections in the body. Your body's just healthily o- oscillating between the optimal range. And, you know, your body will just magically do this without you having to think about it, so thank you body, and thank you billions of years of evolution, and God. That's great. However, if the hot or cold stimulus becomes intense, so in your environment, let's say that there's a stimulus, um, like let's say you get an infection, and you get ill. What will happen is you'll enter the corresponding danger zone. But if you go really far, it will temporarily correct into the opposite danger zone beyond the healthier optimal range. So, here you are, minding your own business, and lo and behold, let's say you get tonsillitis. Okay? You kiss the wrong person, they give you tonsillitis, whatever. You get poorly. What your body temperature will do when you get sick is it will, your, your body will, temperature will increase. And the reason your body temperature increases is to try to kill off the infection, the bacteria, right? Because bacteria doesn't like heat. At least that's my very limited knowledge of medicine, but you get my point. So, you, let's say you get to, like, you know, 42.5 degrees. Once you get too hot, what your body will do is like, "Shit. He's a little bit too hot, and he might die if we keep heating this up. So, let's make him really cold, and let's make him sweat a lot and make him, like, shiver so that he's cold." And so what, what the body will do is it will bring your temperature down, um, now, the thing is, is I don't actually think this is entirely scientifically accurate, because I don't think you, I don't think you swing from 43 degrees to 33 degrees during a day. I, I don't think that's how it works, 'cause usually your fever's higher. Um, but you, you know when you get a fever, you feel like you're really cold. It's because your, your body's trying really hard to bring your temperature down, which makes you feel colder than you are. But for the sake of this mental model and the abstraction, let's just say that you over-correct. So, you get really hot, then you get really cold, and then you get a little bit too cold, so your body heats you up to the point where you over-correct again, and then you oscillate again, and then your, you, you know, your body's recovered from the illness or whatever. This is how homeostasis works, is if you get thrown out of whack in one direction, your body will often course correct into the other side of the danger zone, and then again, and then it will bring you back. And the extremity to which you, um, go over one section will be the extremity to which you go under the other section. Corrections are very natural, and happen everywhere in life. And the same thing is also true with your energy levels, discipline, and rest. So, we can track your, the homeostasis of your internal temperature on a graph like this, and we can see how your temperature goes up and down depending on environmental stimuli, internal pathogens, et cetera, et cetera. We can understand if your, if you get too hot or too cold, then your body's gonna try and course correct, and in the process, it will slightly overshoot sometimes and, you know, bring you below or above the healthy range depending on the previous correction. But here's where this gets cool. And this, my friends, is one of the biggest mindset breakthroughs that I have ever had in my life, period. I've been doing this for 10 years, and let me share something with you that is gonna fucking blow your mind. The same thing is true with your energy levels, discipline, and rest, and burnout. So, what we can do here is we can, instead of having temperature on this graph, what we can do is we can have zones. So, zone one and zone two is the equivalent to 37, 36, or 38 degrees. This is the healthy zone. This is where we're not exerting ourselves too much, we've got a perfect balance between discipline and rest. Zone one, zone two is, is just where you feel good, you're not, you're not being too lazy, you're not being too disciplined, you know, you're just, you're just living your life and just vibing, right? And then we've got zone three, four, five, six, and seven in both directions. And we've got zone three, four, five, six, and seven of discipline, and the corresponding zones of rest. So, in the same way that we'd have too hot or too cold, we've got too disciplined or too restful. And what we can do is track the intensity of these things. So, understand that discipline and rest, they work on a scale. They're not binary states. So, you can be disciplined a little bit, or you can be disciplined a lot. So, for example, for the last three hours of me recording this video, I'm probably in discipline zone six, because it requires a lot of discipline, a lot of energy, and a lot of mental exertion to record videos like this, 'cause they're bloody exhausting to make. If I was working for the last three hours instead on, you know, replying to some emails, doing the odd meeting here and there, then I'm still exercising discipline, because I'm still mentally exerting myself, but maybe only in zone three or mid zone four. So, depending on the activity you do, the intensity is different.If you- if you- if- th- like, right now, if you go outside and, you know, run for one kilometer at a slow pace, then you might be in discipline zone three. But if you go outside right now and run, um, run a kilometer as fast as you humanly can, then you're probably in discipline zone six or seven. And so, the activity does not denote the level of discipline, the intensity does. When you're working, you're in a state of discipline, but what you're working on and how intensely you're working on it shifts where you are. So going for a run is- is- is something that requires discipline, but the intensity- i- uh, the level at which you run- r- l- at which you do that run will shift the discipline. So, if you're running really fucking fast, then you're gonna be higher than if you're running really fucking slow. And then the su- by the same notion, if you do a 100-meter sprint, then you're gonna be in a high zone but for a short period of time, if that makes sense. Now, the same thing is true on the opposite side with rest. So when I was going through this m- delirium panic, my body was inducing me into probably zone seven rest. So zone seven rest is, you know, probably zone six, zone seven rest, is when you're totally exhausted and you start going- you start having, like, weird shit happen. Your body gives you no choice, your mind gives you no choice, and you're in this deep state of rest. And it might not seem restful to have these panic attacks and these deliriums and these disassociations, but the reason I was having these disassociations is so that I would avoid social contact because that was just even too exhausting for me. So I just, uh, someone explain that to me, but anyway. So, like, if you're having a day off but, you know, you're still going to the gym, you're not working, um, you're still eating clean, you're still doing healthy behaviors, you're playing some sports, but, you know, watching a movie, then you might be in, like, rest zone three or four. But if you're having a day off and you're binge-watching, um, you know, short-form content, eating loads of burgers and doing stupid shit and drinking, then you might be in rest zone six. So when I talk about discipline and rest, different activities with different levels of intensity determine where you are on the scale. And so, what we can do in- with anyone's life or an- any entrepreneur's life specifically who's- or anyone, really, who's trying to do anything great, we can track their discipline on this- on this graph, and we can see the intensity of their discipline, all their restful states, and we can see how they correct accordingly. And so instead of having temperature as a gauge, we can imagine that discipline and rest exist in seven zones. So zone one is perfectly balanced, where your discipline and your rest levels are perfectly balanced and you're never gonna burn out. Zone two is healthy, mostly balanced, where maybe you're resting a little bit too much, but you're still in- you're still in the healthy zone. Zone three, perfectly safe, nothing to note. Here, you know, whether you're resting or disciplined is just fine. Zone four, you might see a few consequences, but nothing tragic. So zone four rest, maybe you, um, I don't know, maybe you, like ... wh- what would an example be of zone f- maybe you, like, take a nap or something, you know? Like, you're j- it's pretty restful, right? Um, but zone four discipline could be like, you know, doing- doing a workout and it's a little bit intense. You may- may- maybe you get a bit sore, you need to recover afterwards. Zone five, flying a little bit close to the sun. Zone six, you don't wanna be here. Zone seven, very dangerous, you do not wanna be in zone seven. So what most people think is that zone seven and zone six is where they wanna spend all their time. Now, let me explain something to you. I spend as much time as I can in high zone five, mid zone six. Y- y- you are gonna struggle with that because you haven't yet learned how to tolerate pressure from discipline, right? So when- when you look at me and my examples of discipline, like, you know, recording three-hour videos or working 12 hours a day, like, you can learn how to do that and you will do that because it's necessary to become successful, but it's gonna be a little bit harder for you than it is for me at the start- for you at the start. Um, but generally speaking, you don't wanna be in zone seven discipline ever. Zone seven discipline is unhealthy. This is discipline when you've- you've drowned yourself way too far on the discipline scale. This is when you're behaving like I am here, you know, for like nine months on end. This is how you get the crashout, burnout, awful, awful symptoms that you do not want, that you want to avoid, that massively hinder your ability to be successful. On the flip side, you don't want to be in rest zone seven, because rest zone seven is like a coma or like a panic attack. This is when your body just shuts- your mind just shuts down and you have these episodes that basically just, like, force you to not do anything, right? So you wanna avoid the extremes of either side. Zone six, you can flirt with every now and then, but generally speaking, you wanna be in zone four and five on both flips of the scale. If you go too far on either side, you're gonna course-correct, it's gonna be a nightmare. So some examples. So zone one, zone two, this is just a normal average person. So if you're ... Here's the thing. You might think that zone one, zone two is where you wanna be. It's not. This is where most people sit in life. This is how you stay normal, it's how you stay average and mediocre, okay? Examples of zone one and zone two behavior, slightly lazy nine-to-five, going on a daily walk for exercise, playing a sport regularly, doing a little fast on a weekend, writing in a journal, listening to self-help podcasts, drinking some water, eating the food pyramid, and reading a bit. These are just- just some basic habits that most normal people would probably engage in, um, and that's that. Now, a lot of people, they live in constant zone three or zone four rest, where they're- like, someone that's, like, fucking unemployed and just, you know, claiming benefits and ripping off the government and just getting drunk all the time and doing drugs and being an idiot and just basically being a waste of space and, you know, whatever. Like, they're not even in zone one or two, they're just- they're just below baseline here, right? Um, but like, if you're just a normal person doing a normal life with a couple of healthy habits and you're not exerting yourself, you never really get tired from work or working out, you're just- you're just genuinely, like, a little bit healthy, right? You know, you're just in zone one or two. Nothing noticeable. Um-These are all things that require a little bit of discipline or rest, but they're never going to burn you out or force your body into a state of forced rest. Just normal person shit that doesn't push the body, your mind, or your limits. If you want to get rich, then you cannot stay here. So the point I'm making is, it looks good to be in zone one and two 'cause they're green, but you do not want to be in zone one and two. You're, you're gonna spend very little time in one and two, okay? And this is the consequence of being an entrepreneur. Now, just because zone one and two are green or gray doesn't mean they're good or conducive to getting results. You cannot build anything great in zone one or two. You might- it might be necessary sometimes to be in zone one or two for a couple of days, but, you know, this, this is when you're just like, this is like, you know, you wake up at, at 8:30. You go to your 9:00 to 5:00. You kind of slack off towards the end of the afternoon. Then you go to the pub and have a drink with your friends. Then you go for a little run in the evening and watch some TV and go to bed and repeat that for 40 years. That's zone one behavior. It's not that. It doesn't require any fucking discipline at all. You're resting at the same time. It's easy. Then you have your holiday, you drink a lot, whatever. That's fine. But you're not gonna do anything in zone one or two. Now, let me give you some examples of zone seven. So zone seven is the, is the polar opposite, which is way too extreme. So zone seven discipline could be running an ultra-marathon, right, in one day. Or doing the, I, I did this once. I wouldn't recommend this. This was when I was in my deep stage. 68-hour-long sales calls in three days. So, um, I once did this thing where I was like, "I'm gonna challenge myself." I was, I was booking a ton of calls and I wanted to see what I could, what I could do. Um, I don't think I did 68 though. That, that seems ridiculous. I did like... No, it wasn't 68. No, it was... Sorry, this was, this was in way more days than this. But th- this is an example, right? Yay. So let's say that you did, um, over, you know, over three days, you got 72 hours. Let's say that you sleep for four hours and the rest of it you spend doing sales calls for three days. That's zone seven discipline. That's ridiculous. Or taking a four-hour ice bath, or spending four hours in the sauna, or trying to do the pull-up record, or you know, spending five hours in the plank position. That's zone seven shit. Shit that is so hard and so exhausting that it, it, it seems ridiculous to do, right? The spectacle discipline, okay? This is the David Goggins zone. Now, the thing about David Goggins, for example, is David Goggins is a remarkably disciplined person and he can take himself... Like, for him, his zone four would be your zone seven. So for David Goggins, a marathon, running a marathon for David Goggins, or an ultra-marathon runner, could just be like a little zone three or zone four behavior. For you, running a marathon would probably be zone seven shit, right? If you haven't done a marathon before. No offense if you have, right? Um, or if you haven't run before. So, what I'm saying is, the activity is not the, is, is not the thing that determines, once again, it's not the thing that determines the, the zone you're at. It's how, it's how much practice you've had doing it, right? So, you know, like for some- for Wim Hof, taking a four, like Wim Hof's the, the ice bath guy, right? Maybe he could take a four-hour ice bath. And maybe that would be like zone five or six for him, but maybe it'd be zone seven for you, okay? So it differs depending on the person and how much discipline they have. Stupid, extreme shit that you're gonna pay one hell of a price with, with forced rest. So I'm telling you right now, if you go and take a four-hour ice bath, you're gonna get hyperthermia and probably die. In case you're wondering, death is the ultimate form of rest, right? Well, actually not, 'cause that's, that's game over. Um, but if you took a four-hour ice bath, I don't even, first of all, I don't even know if that's possible. You, you'd get hyperthermia. You, you, d- you'd get to this point where you'd be in hospital for like a month or two after that, right? Same thing if you spent four hours in the sauna. Bad times. Here's some examples of zone seven rest. Coma. Having a fully-fledged chronic mental breakdown, like I did. Acute chronic withdrawal symptoms from heroin. So let's say that you've been a drug addict for 15 years and you suddenly quit. The withdrawal symptoms you get, you're going to zone seven. Zone seven rest off the rip. Um, there's not really rest per se, 'cause they're withdrawals, but you get my point. It's a biological reaction to an extreme circumstance. Hyperthermia, you know, same thing. Now, let me give you a real-world example here, okay? And what I'm gonna do is quickly do this. Um, and we're gonna look at a video here. So this is a video from a guy called Ross... Why isn't it letting me... What is next for you? You're a- You're right. I can't- ... great... Okay, I can't pause it for some reason, but we'll... Why is it not letting me pause this? Hang on. Right, well, there we go. Okay. So this is an example, um, this is Ross Edgley and he, nine months ago, so this is of me recording this in June, but he broke the world record for the longest non-stop swim. This motherfucker, this hard bloke, he's, he's a bit of a G, very charismatic. I like him a lot. He swam for 56 hours in, in a river, by the way. Like, you know, the Yukon River. Like, this is not just like swimming in a pool. This is, this is a bloody river with currents and animals and all sorts of stuff. This is a hard thing. This is a bad thing to do, right? And basically what happens throughout this video, it's a cool documentary, is he gets to this point where he's swimming, um, and I won't play it 'cause it's, I'm gonna stop, I'm going to pause. He gets to this point where he basically ends up over here and we can, we can, we can play this. And you can see, he's like, he has to stop, and he's, he's going and he's going and he's stumbling, and he's been swimming non-stop for 56 hours. Look, and he gets out the water, and he's like, he's like in this complete chaotic state. He's like... And he just collapses, right? And you know, this is, this is kind of a pivotal point in the documentary, um, but basically what happens to Ross here is this is his body entering zone seven rest. He just passes out. Like, he goes unconscious. He's got to have a, his, his body temperature's fucked. His heart rate's fucked. Everything's fucked. Look at his face. Look at how inflamed his, his facial structure is here, look. You can see like, you know, this... Look at, look at that. Like, you know, this is, this is what he looks like normally, you know? And then after 56 hours of swimming, like he's in, he's in zone seven rest at this point, right? And he gets up and then they basically take him away, but at this point, he's just passing in and out of consciousness. Like, you know, is this... Yeah. So here, they, they take him away, he's got to go to hospital, whatever, and then he's just passed out. Like his body is just gone, right? And this is an example of what happens when you enter zone seven discipline. So, what I've done here is I've drawn what Ross's, um, what Ross's discipline graph, discipline recovery graph would have looked like. And this would be over a 30-day time horizon, right? So let's say that this is, this represents the swim, which is like, you know, basically, um, nearly, just over two days of swimming. 56 hours of fucking swimming. God, I can't even manage like 10 minutes. God... Right? So, you know, basically what this looks like is, you know, for this, for the first couple of days, he's, he's really high up and then for like a couple of hours, he's in zone seven. So for like the, the last part of the swim, you know, for this part, he's in zone seven here. Deep, dark times. And what happens, as we just saw, at the 56th hour, we see it in live action here, is he just passes out. And he's just shaking and his, you know, he's in a bad way. And so what happens is he gets to this point where he can't push any further, breaks the world rec- ... record, and he immediately exponentially spikes right down to zone seven rest. So here, his body shuts down, he goes unconscious, he's got a hyper-high resting heart rate, his, his, his heart rate variability's all over the place, his body temperature drops, and basically what's happened here is this is an overcorrection. So he's taken... In the same way that if your body temperature gets extremely high, your body will bang, it will overcorrect into the other side. And so what Ross is experiencing here is restful overcorrection. So he's been in zone seven for too long and then bang, you know, like shut down. You know, his, his body just shuts down. And then over the course of the next 30 days, probably a little bit longer, he goes into this state of recovery. So, you know, for the next couple of weeks after being here, for not very long objectively in the month, you know, he, he gets his way out of zone seven after a couple of days, and then, you know, at zone six maybe he's got extreme soreness, he's got chronic inflammation, he's got a fever, he's got diarrhea, he's still vomiting, he can't keep food down. Like his body's still recovering. You know, and then after a few weeks, maybe he's just got some soreness, some fatigue, he's irate, he's still tired, he can't sleep properly. And then, you know, maybe, maybe after a few weeks he does like a little run, you know, so he, he enters zone three discipline. For, for, for Ross, a, a 10K run would be like the lowest zone three you could imagine. And then he recovers a little bit more and then after a month, he's sort of back to normal and he can actually operate and function like a normal healthy human again. This is how discipline and rest work. If you take yourself too far for too long, your body will force a correction and put you into a state of rest that is adequate to fully get back to zone one and two healthiness. All your body's trying to do is try and find the average healthy zone one. In the same way that if you get really hot and your body makes you really cold, it's just trying to establish that 37 degree Celsius level. The body is trying to do the same thing with your stress levels, your cortisol levels, and your energy, and just your, your bodily functions basically. It's trying to find the optimal healthy range, the, the perfect balance. All this is is balance, right? And so if you go up here for too long, you have to come down here for a while. And if you average out these two points, you find the balance in the same way that you would if you were between zone one and two. And so as you can see in the video, Ross' body literally shuts down when it enters seven zone, z- zone seven of rest. We don't get to see the weeks that follow in terms of the recovery in the documentary, but they probably look something like the above. So this is obviously me imagining how he had to go through the recovery, um, but yeah. But, you know, th- this is basically how it works. It's like deep, deep, deep recovery, maybe a little bit more discipline and a little bit more recovery and then bang, you're back to normal. And this is what happens with athletes and people that do great things And so what we need to understand is something called battery theory, because the way that your body manages energy and the way that your body manages discipline and rest is almost akin to that of a lithium battery or any battery that you'd find in, you know, your laptop or your phone or your car or whatever. And we need to understand why this happens. So why do we go up and down and suffer the consequences of extreme discipline? Like why can't we stay here forever? Like especially with the mind, it's harder to gauge. We get it with the body, with s- with the, with the crazy swim like passing out or running till you throw up or, you know, training till you die, like whatever. Like we, we get it with the body but why can't the mind sustain this high zone seven? Because if you could stay in zone seven forever, you'd be a billionaire in probably about three years, you know? It's like your, the success is the sum of, of your human will and you need to stay there for as long as you can but not zone seven, it's not healthy. But why do we go up and down? So what I want you to imagine for a second with me here is that each day you have a battery, okay? And this battery contains energy. So every single day when you wake up, you are given a battery that contains energy. It's kind of like a willpower thing, and you basically throughout the day you burn through this whenever you execute on tasks that require discipline. So you have a discipline battery Any time you do something during your day that requires any level of discipline, you burn energy from this battery. As you go through the day, i.e. exercising discipline which is basically, remember, doing the work or controlling your impulses, the battery depletes and your energy goes down. Now your energy, which is your body and mind's ability to exercise discipline, is tracked against two time frames, i.e. the short and the long term. So you have two batteries. You have the short-term battery which is the battery you get in the day, and you have the long-term battery which is the overall battery tracked over a longer period of time which could be a couple of months, okay? And the long-term battery measures your energy which is your ability to exercise discipline in the macro larger picture or perspective, okay? Because, you know, we can track discipline in the minute, so i.e. resisting an impulse right now. We can track it in the hour, i.e. doing work for another hour. We can track it in the day, i.e. I had a good disciplined day. We can track it in the week. We can track it in the month. We can track it in the year. We can track it in a decade, right? Th- this discipline can be stretched across all these different arbitrary time frames. And it's, it's energy, so energy is basi- ... The, the term I'm using here, energy is your ability to exercise discipline. It's your ability to be in these zones here without needing to rest, okay? And it's, it's you have your long-term battery here which drains over time. The, the more you burn your day-long batteries, the lower your long-term battery gets, okay So here's how it goes. Every single time, every day you exercise discipline, you burn energy, and every time you rest, you gain energy. Recharge. So think of it like a phone. Every time you use your phone, you burn the battery from the phone. Every time you recharge your phone and don't use it, you gain battery in the phoneNow, depending on which zone of discipline you are in, you will need to spend more or less energy. And depending on which zone of rest you are in, you will gain more or less energy. So if I spent a day in zone three discipline, I would burn less energy than if I spent a day in zone six. If I spent 10 minutes in zone seven, I would burn more energy than a hundred, well, not a hundred, if I spent 10 minutes in zone seven, I might burn more energy than 10 hours in zone three. So the, the, the higher we spike up here, the more energy we burn and the h- the lower we spike down here, the more energy we recharge, okay? So the deeper you go in either spectrum determines the intensity, which determines how quickly you burn or recharge energy, okay? This is why your phone would probably charge faster if you didn't use it or you turned it off, right? So, on days that you spend in discipline or rest zone one or two, you're simply going to use your battery for the day. So when you're balancing between zones one and two, and you're oscillating in the same way that your body would find homeostasis with body temperature, you're basically just burning your day-long battery. You're not over-burning anything, you're not borrowing any more energy from tomorrow, you're not keeping too much of reserve. You're just burning the energy you get, and you're just sort of oscillating in a perfect balance, right? On days, however, that you spend in discipline zone three, four, five, six or seven, you're gonna have to borrow energy from the future, and the amount you borrow depends on the zone in which you sit in and how long for. And on days you spend in zone three, four, five, six or seven of rest, you will gain or recharge energy that you can deposit into the future to borrow, and the amount you gain depends on the zone in which you sit. So this is all sounds very confusing and abstract so let me give you a diagram. So this is what the average month of energy might look like for someone with a nice fresh month. So let's say that, you know, this is what your month looks like for the next 31 days. Let's say that you're perfectly rested, you've got loads of energy, you've just come off the back of a nice two-week-long holiday, and you're perfectly rested and ready to go. What your month would look like is like this. Let's say we've got 31 days in this month, and every single day you've got your battery, and you've got a hundred units of energy for each day that you're about to spend. Your long-term battery is fully recharged and, you know, everything's in good standing, okay? So what this would look like is that if you spent the first five days back from holiday in zone one or two, you know, taking a ba- you get back from holiday, you're, you just come back to work a little bit, you take some tools, taken some time off, you're in zone one or two, you're perfectly balanced, right? What's gonna happen is you're gonna rest throughout the day, you're gonna be a little bit lazy, not really exert yourself after the holiday. As you can observe, what happens if they do this is they drain day one, two, three, four and five down to zero, and burn just a little bit of energy in their long-term battery. So, you know, when, when you burn a day, you lose a little bit of long-term battery, which is why, you know, nine-to-fivers or people that just live normal, boring lives have to take a holiday every few months. Because, you know, after, after just even a normal balanced little, little bit of discipline, you know, you still d- reduce your energy level over the long term, right? Which means you need a holiday, you take some time off So this is what it looks like. You know, if you spend a day in zone one or two, you're perfectly balanced, you're just burning your energy that you've got today. Now, let's say that this person gets to day six. So they've just done five days of balanced discipline, and they go hard in zone si- on day six. And what they do in zone i- on day six is they go to discipline zone four and five. So they spend the day in zone four and five pushing really hard on sales calls, making lots of content, doing a ton of work, very little downtime, working late into the night. Let's say on z- on, on day six, they're like, "Fuck it, I'm back from holiday. I've done five days of balance. I'm going hard today." Well, what happens? Because they've got their day of energy here, but on day six, they're significantly more disciplined than they were on the previous days. So h- how does this work? Because they've only got so much energy on day six, right? Well, what happens is they burn all of their day six energy, but to sustain zone four and five behaviors, they have to borrow from their reserves from day seven. So by the end of day six, they've used all of their day six energy, but also some of tomorrow's reserves. So when you push yourself beyond zone two discipline, you have to borrow energy from the next day because, you know, you've only got so much energy in the day. And so, you know, what happens here is because they only have so much energy, which is a hundred units on day six, they had to borrow some from tomorrow and tap into their future reserves So they're in zone five most of day six, so that's quite exhausting, so they've had to basically do almost a day and a half of energy, um, a day and three quarters of energy. And also borrowing from future reserves is necessary to get stuff done, but also this does drain your long-term battery too, okay? So at this point, this person's fine, you know? They've done day six, they've done a hard day's work, they're not tired at all because they've got so much reserve here. They've got thir- they've, for god's sake, they've still got like 20 days of reserve. Their energy level is still, you know, 80% at capacity. You know, their long-term battery's full. They're fine. So what do they do? They go into day seven with the same attitude, and this time they're in zone five discipline, okay? So they're up here, you know, in zone five, working real hard, getting stuff done again, working like a beast, right? And, you know, that happens again. But the, the thing is about this is they didn't have that much energy on day seven. So by the time day seven rolls around, they've already used 75% of their energy on day six. So they come into day seven with 25% of the energy they would've have, they would've had. So what they have to do, because they're staying in zone five all day, is they have to borrow energy from day eight and day nine because they didn't have much on day seven to start withAnd so, you know, something happens. Because they start with day seven with so little, they have to borrow from eight and nine. So they burn all of day eight, so they burn the rest of day seven, so we can see they had a little bit left here. Then they burn day eight, and they burn half of day nine, 'cause they have to borrow from future reserves, 'cause you can't sustain zone five with, you know, 25 units in one day. It's not possible. And so, you know, this also depletes their energy level a little bit as well, and, you know, that, that starts to happen. And so if we keep moving here, on day eight, they do the same thing. So day eight rolls around, they're on a roll. They're like, "Fuck it, I'm not taking time off. I'm in the zone. I feel good," you know. Um, but the problem is, is they've been borrowing from the future a little bit too much without making any effort to recharge. So what happens on day eight is they want to maintain their zone s- their zone five discipline. And so, you know, on day eight, they start with no energy. Like, you know, ih, ih, they've got nothing here. So what they do is they look to the next days. So they borrow the rest of day nine, then they borrow day 10 and half of day 11. And, you know, at this point now, this person's, you know, three, four consecutive days in a row where they've had to, you know, be, they've been like high zone five. They're borrowing a lot of energy here. So now their long-term battery is going down. Now admittedly, the long-term battery probably wouldn't go down by this much already. It takes, like, a, quite a while for your battery to go down, so just ignore that slight mistake on my end. But now we're, you know, we're having to borrow, like, three days out. And then what happens on day nine is they're tired because they're so far into their reserves, but they decide to push through, and this time, they push through into zone six. And what they have to do on day nine, they started with no energy on day nine, but the problem is on day nine is they've already used all of day 10 and half day 11, so now they have to borrow from 11, 12, 13, 14, and part of 15 just to get the energy to push through. And they're in zone six for the whole of day nine, and because they're already quite tired, it's, it's exponentially worse. They have to borrow more energy, if that makes sense. So they start feeling tired, but their body's, like, communicating them, but they watch the David Goggins video and push through to zone six. And the consequence of pushing through to zone six is having to borrow a little bit further out, and now their energy is really going down. So now, they're only nine days into the month, but because they haven't taken any adequate rest, they're like, they're ne- there, it's almost, almost like they've done a week and nearly a, nearly a week and a half of work, but they've only done a week of work. On day 10, they're exhausted and tired, so what they do is they take a day of rest. They're like, "Oh, it's day 10, psh, you know, I'll rest." So they rest in zone four. So they're relaxing a little bit, but not completely, but they're still relaxed. So they're, you know, they, they just swing themselves down to, you know, um, zone four here just for a day just so they can get some time off and sort of chill out, right? Which is a pretty healthy thing to do, and encouraged. Um, and this means they relax a little bit, but not entirely or completely. They're still maintaining some discipline, but whatever. So what they do on, on, on this day is because they relax a little bit, is they recharge their battery for day 15 and 14. So remember, because they entered zone six on day nine, they had to borrow energy from day 14 and 15 to do this. So by, by the time day 10 rolls around, they rest, and because of that rest, they replenish day 15 and most of day 14 just from one day of rest, okay? And then what happens on day 11 is they feel rested. They've had a day off, so they feel like they're recharged, but it's only temporary. They go hard again. They enter zone five discipline, and because of this, they have to once again burn day 14, 15, 16, and 17, and this depletes their long-term battery. So just because they have one day of rest doesn't mean that they're out of the woods. So they do, they do, they do the zone five thing again and have to borrow more. And then in day 12, they're, this point, they're exhausted because, you know, they're like, "Shit, like, I've got no energy." Like, they've been, this is like a week of, like, hardcore discipline with no rest and no time off. Like, we're talking, like, you know, extreme shit here, like starting really early, finishing really late, like working really intensely in, like, zone five, like high zone five, low zone six. Now, day 12, now they're exhausted. They've got no energy, but they still want to push on regardless. They're polarized to discipline. Um, they've got a little bit of energy left in their long-term battery. You know, they're here, they're like, "Shit, I can still go. I can still keep going." So they enter zone five against all their impulses and tiredness to get the day done. But to do this, it costs them heavily. Now, here's the key note. The less reserves you have, the more energy borrowing costs. So the lower your long-term battery, the more it costs you to borrow. So it's, at day 12, this person's exhausted, and they've got very little long-term battery. So what that means is a day of zone five here requires them to borrow out so much further than the day if they were, if they were already rested. So if they borrow, um, if they enter zone five on day six, they might only have to borrow from tomorrow because they're so rested already. But because they're borrowing from day 12 where they're already really tired, they have to borrow a lot. So the zone five on day s- on, on, on day 12 is fucking idiotic. They should take another day off. But what happens is they, they push through in zone five, and now they have to borrow from 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23. So they basically have to borrow, like, a week's worth of energy just to get a day of work done. And that's what happens when you get close to burnout territory. When your energy reserves are so low because you've pushed yourself too far, one extra day of work can cost you a week of rest, right? And day 13, so day 13 is burnout. So this is, we're only, we're only half, we're only halfway into the month here, but this person's been working so hard for so long with such intensity that they're now burned out. And this person is deep into his reserves, and his body has forced him to rest. He's forced into zone five rest, which recharges day 23, which is a silver lining. Um, you know, usually a day of zone five rest would recharge more than a day. But because this person is so far into his reserves, it doesn't recharge much. Like, the further, the more exhausted you are, the more rest you need to obviously become unexhausted. So the more exhausted you are, the less impact rest has on your energy levels. So if you had a day, if you had a day five, um, if you had a day of zone five rest when your energy levels were already quite high, then you could replenish, like, three, four days. But because this dude's fucking exhausted, it only replenishes one day, quite far out. Now, what happens here is when you get burned out, it's a sign that you're close to your long-term energy reserve. So your long-term battery is a scale, and you can, you can burn through this energy in the long term over a couple of month, long time horizon. But the issue is below... Once you get to the bottom of your long-term battery, you enter something called the long-term energy reserve, and your body does not like being in your long-term energy reserve. This is the energy that it keeps over for survival situations. This is when your cortisol spikes, and you're basically in fight or flight all the time. This is when your stress is really high, you can't sleep properly, and you're basically in your, your reserves. Your body has these reserves, and it's possible to tap into them. Doesn't feel very nice to tap into them, but it takes a long time to recover. So for example, if you were like, you know, I don't know, like, if you were s- if you were stranded on an island, you know, your body has energy reserves. It can start digesting your protein, or start digesting your muscles. But that's, your body will literally digest your muscles for energy to convert into, um, glycogen, or whatever, ketones or whatever to basically, um, keep you alive. So obviously, we're not digesting our, you know, muscles here, but the same thing is true with your mind and the way that your mind deals with mental energy. You have these reserves, which would basically be the equivalent of your body digesting your muscles from a physical level. So here's the problem. Here's the problem. So day 13, this guy takes a day off. He's like, "Fucking hell, I'm exhausted. I've got very little in the tank." So he takes a day off, he rests in zone five. He just watches Instagram Reels and eats shit food and just goes to bed really late and whatever. But then on day fif- on day 14, he, he wakes up and he makes a mistake. He's so polarized towards discipline that he, he's not listening to his body or his burnout symptoms. Instead, listening to the top 1% man advice, what he does is he decides to push on and dig into zone four discipline for day 14. He can't muster up anything more than zone four. He can't go to zone five or zone six 'cause his body simply won't allow him, so he pushes himself as hard as he can and enters zone four. Now at this point, this costs him dearly and it consumes the rest of his energy reserves on the board for the month. He's now dug into his long-term energy reserves, which is his survival reserves or his emergency reserves, and his, his long-term battery is just wiped, and he's got no energy in the tank for the lesson of the rest, rest of the month. This is burnout. This is what happens when you work past burnout. You know, your body just goes into shutdown mode. And then what happens is it's day 15, so he does day 14 work, but day 15 rolls around, he's fucked. He's burned out and he's forced into zone five and six rest. All good habits go out the window, all the addictions come back in, no willpower to do anything or control impulses, total complete laziness and the polar opposite of how he wants to behave and what he identifies with. The sad thing, even just a day of rest here doesn't recharge anything. So he's forced into rest at this point. F- burnout is forced rest. And this is why when you burn out, all of your bad habits come back in, because all of the impulses that you current- currently are trying to hold back on, the food, the, the content, the, these instant gratification mechanisms, they require discipline to keep down. You know, you've gotta, you've gotta exercise discipline constantly to keep these impulses at bay. But when you're forced into burnout territory and you really burn yourself out, all of your impulse control goes out the window because you have no discipline left, you have no reserves to even fight off the most basic impulse. So all these bad habits start creeping in. So what people think happens when they burn out is they think they en- they think it's self-sabotage. They think that they, they think that they mistake burnout, which is truly just your body, like, communicating exhaustion and your energy levels being so low that you haven't even got the, the willpower to muster up energy or discipline, they think that that's them self-sabotaging. And they think that what it is, is it's their, i- it's them, like, intentionally destroying th- their thing. Now, there is a psychological argument for that, and we've talked about the self, and we've talked about the trial by fire stuff, and we've talked about how the, the self has a survival bias and you are gonna self-sabotage and we need to keep that thing at bay But once you start your becoming self, the danger is burnout. The real danger is depleting your energy reserves to the point where the current sense of self can just come back in and, you know, there's no discipline. 'Cause discipline is how you destroy the current self. It's work, right? So when you can't work, the current self rears its ugly head again. You then mistake the, the burnout for the current self being the reason, but all it is is you've just basically given the current self an open door to walk through. And that's a silly thing. So he's burnt out. He's deep in, he's into his long-term energy reserve now, and his body will not tolerate this. And so what happens for basically a week is he's spent in total slob mode, lazy mode, bad habit mode. Everything goes out of the window. He's in zone five, zone six rest. It's forced, he doesn't wanna be there. He's angry, he's shameful, he's pissed off, he's sleeping late, he's doing, he's masturbating, watching porn, he's, he's eating junk food, he's being an idiot, he's smoking, he's drinking, he's taking drugs, he's gaming again. All the, everything comes out, you know? Everything. He's hanging out with the wrong people, he's not working, he's just, just exhausted. His body is digging its way out of long-term survival emergency reserves. So all that burnout is and all that's happening here is it's not like he's got some evil, malevolent self-sabotage mechanism, although that might be somewhat true. It's more just the fact that he hasn't got anything in the tank. Like, it's, it's like, th- like, trying to work during a burnout stage is like trying to force a car to accelerate when it's got no gas in it A car with no gas in the tank, no matter how hard you push the accelerator and, and are good of a driver, it will not move. Your body and your mind are the same thing. It's like trying to turn your phone on when it's got no battery. It just won't turn on. You can't, you can't just miraculously pull discipline and willpower out of your ass when you're burned out. You can't. 'Cause it's like, it's literally like trying to drive a car with no gas in it. You've got nothing left. So your responsibility as an entrepreneur is to make sure that you do not get to this point, because it's better to make progress slowly and consistently through, you know, healthy discipline and rest balance than going to extremes. And this is why people struggle in business, and this is why you have the oscillatory life cycles, and this is why people struggle, is because their, their, their discipline levels and their rest levels go up and down and up and down and up and down, and anything taken to its extreme will become its opposite. And so f- extreme discipline becomes forced rest. There's no other way around it. You need to learn how to be patient and slow yourself down and balance out your discipline and make progress slower than you'd like, but for a sure thing, okay? So on day 21, he's just about over the burnout stage but he's still exhausted, so he takes off a few more days, and as he does this, he starts to recharge a little bit So after, like, a week or two of basically just lying around doing nothing, he, he finally starts to recharge his, his energy reserves, right? That we can see here. And this is, he's out of the long-term energy reserves so he's feeling a bit better, and he's, he's now, he's now got his impulses back in check so, you know, he's, he's starting to correct his bad habits again. He's not back to work yet, but you know, he's, he's still in, like, zone four rest, not zone six anymore, right? Burnout is, like, zone six rest basically. Um, and you know, he's, he's not burned out anymore but he's just in zone four. And then on day 26..He does a little bit of work, um, but he spends most of his day in zone two or three rest, just taking it easy. And basically, this becomes exponential, so because he takes off these days, um, because on day 25, 26 he's still sort of resting quite a lot, the, the, the... Eh, because he's already a little bit rested from this period, his energy levels spike way back up. So discipline-to-rest ratios are not linear, they're not equal. If you take a lot of rest and rest another day, then you get a lot of recharge, if that makes sense. So because he's still taking it easy off the back of his burnout and not going hard again, his energy levels spike way up, so he goes from, like, having 25% reserves to 75% reserves just because of one, one or two extra days off. Like, you don't need as much rest as you think, okay? And then by day 27, you know, he's rested, his long-term battery is full again, he's out of the burnout cycle, he's feeling confident, he's feeling ready to go, and, you know, his, his long-term energy reserve is nearly full, and, you know, we've got day 32, 33, 34, and he's gonna s- he's ready for like, you know, the next, the next 30 days again. But he's probably going to repeat the cycle. This is how most entrepreneurs live. They live in a cycle of discipline and extreme rest. They basically burn themselves out, and it's not healthy. And I know that you, like, I get it, because young men, what we do, is we glorify pain and discipline and hard work and suffering, and we should, because it's the ro- it's the root of success. But we glorify it a little bit too much, and that's because there's a lot of pride and int- in- there's a lot of intense momentary pleasure and pride in the ability to exercise extraneous self-control. It feels pretty fucking good. It's a nice thing to do, it's great, and we become too polarized to it, and anything taken to its extreme will become its opposite, and this is how you burn yourself out. This is how you make yourself ill, it's how you make inconsistent progress, which is never progress at all. Inconsistent progress is not progress, it's just plateau, right? And so yeah, day se- 20, day 27, he's ready to go again, and he's gonna do it all over again. And what we could do, is we could map this behavior on a discipline or recovery chart. So I'm just gonna drink some water here. Excuse me. But what you can see is if we took this 30-day period, so you know, day one to day 27, like 30 days or whatever, we could map out this guy's discipline on the graph. And so what this might look like is, you know, for this, for the first couple of weeks, you know, we've, we've got, we've got the zone five, deep zone six, um, activity here with no rest, and then we've got the one day of rest in zone four, and then we go back up for another week or two, and then we go too far to the point where, you know, we burn out on day 30 and spend a few days here. Then we recover a little bit here. By day 26, we're just back in zone two rest, doing a little bit of discipline stuff, and then by the time we get to the end of the month, we're back again. So it's like a 30-day cycle. Now, this is arbitrary. It's not always going to be a 30-day time horizon for a burnout cycle to occur. This is just a, an example of a month, so don't think that this is like a thing that just resets every month magically. That's not the case. But you can map this out on a graph like this, and this is what the month would have looked like. So we have extreme discipline, and then we have extreme rest for a little bit, and then some recovery, and then we're back up So what this guy should have done is spent just a... All he had to do, all he had to do was extend this little rest period by maybe two or three days. Because if you extended it by two or three days, every consecutive day of rest exponentially increases the charge of your long-term battery. So if you take one day off, you won't charge as much battery, but if you take two days off you'll charge, like double on the second day what you did on the first, and if you take three days off, then you'll charge triple than what you did on the first. So rest is exponential, and the more consecutive days of rest you take, the more you recharge and the more worthwhile it becomes. In the same way, the, the consecutive days of discipline burn more energy. So day one, zone six isn't gonna cost you too much. Day two, zone six might cost you a little bit more than the first day. Day three, day four, day five. By the time you get to day seven of zone six, it's costing you 10 times more than day one did. It's exponential, and the con- the, the more consecutive time you spend in either of these, um, camps, whether it's discipline or rest, the more of an effect it has as time passes with intensity, okay? So for example, I can tell you this, I've been, I've been recording this for four hours nonstop with no breaks, and but I might have started this recording in like zone five. I'm now in zone six, and, you know, this next hour of recording for me is going to be more exhausting than the previous four hours combined, because I'm in my day reserves, right? I'm, I'm way over my 100 units of energy for today. I'm probably borrowing, you know, two, three days out from now, right And this next hour of work that I do is probably gonna require me to burn an entire day of energy in the future. So if I'm on the 16th of June, I'm, I'm right now borrowing... I've used all my energy for the 16th of June, by, by, by, by far, because got up early, did some work, finished this document, recording this for four hours. Th- that, that's, that's zone six shit. I'm, I'm done for the day. My energy is done for the day. So what I'm doing now is I'm borrowing from the 17th of June, but this last hour of recording is about to be very intense because I'm quite exhausted from this recording and it's getting intense. So one hour of zone six, for me at the moment, might require me to take all of my energy from like the 19th of June, and that's how it works. The more intense something is, is, it is gonna require more energy, and the longer you spend in a zone, um, the more intense the, the, the thing becomes. So here's the discipline or recovery chart from when I was 18. So remember the story I told you about that crazy nine-month, three job, business speed reading discipline sprint? Um, then I had that three-month crash out period? So you know, I was in like deep... I was in, like, deep zone six, deep zone seven for, like, nine fucking months. LikeNot healthy, not good. And the thing about this is I didn't come out of it. So you can go to zone six if you want, but you have to be prepared to go to zone five or zone six rest every now and then to accommodate for it, but I literally spent nine months up here. And the result of that was a correction where I started having the panic attacks down here and I started getting delirious and ill for like, you know, a good week, and then I started, my recovery was slow, it took me three months to get back to normal where I could get a job again and behave like a normal human, right? So, you know, you can map it there. And it might seem familiar to the oscillatory life cycles that we cover. Now this isn't just a clean, easy monthly thing. It's not like your energy reserve just resets every month. This is not like ... I'm using a 30-day time horizon here, for example, but you need to realize that, you know, the body and the mind doesn't really recognize calendars. Like, your body doesn't understand the abstraction of time and calendars. It uses binary thresholds and biological markers to determine which state it forces you into. And this is an oversimplified model to help you understand how this stuff works. So why does this happen? Why can't we just be disciplined forever and sit in the high discipline zones for the rest of our lives? 'Cause that would certainly make becoming successful way easier. Well, when you enter a high discipline zone, you obviously, as you know now, you have to borrow energy from the future. So you, it, it comes with a cost, you have to borrow it from the future. And, you know, the future's coming, so there's gonna come ... If you borrow from tomorrow and tomorrow rolls around, then you're gonna be a little tired tomorrow because you're gonna have to borrow from the next day. Think of it in the same way that you borrow money from a bank. When you borrow money from a bank, you go into debt, and when that bank loans you this money, they'll force you to pay it back with interest, meaning you pay a little bit more back than you borrowed. When you borrow energy from your future reserves, you incur a debt that must be paid, and that debt contains recovery interest. This means that you have to pay off the debt, and you maybe have to pay off a little bit more than you borrowed. This is why I had to take off three months off of everything in life. It was why, you know, that happened. I was paying my discipline debts off to the bank of energy. So, you know, imagine we've got the thing, the bank of energy. So up here I'm, I am borrowing, I am lending, like, I'm taking as much money as I can from the bank at a super high interest rate. And, you know, if you borrow loads of money for a very long time from a bank, they're eventually gonna want it back, and I had to pay it back and I had to spend three months in here. Now, you'll notice how it's disproportionate, because I spent nine months here but only three months here, and that's because rest and discipline are not equal, which we'll talk about in a second. And that's asymmetric charging. I know what you're thinking, "Well, shit, if every time I discipline myself I have to s- um, I have to have an equal amount of rest, then surely I'm never gonna make any progress, right? Surely I just, uh, I'm gonna stay stuck in the oscillatory life cycle." That's a fair thing to think. You're like, "Oh, shit, well, you know, if every time I go up here I have to come down here, how am I gonna make any progress? I'm just gonna oscillate, I'm just doomed to oscillate between these two things." That's not true, because if that was true, no one would make any progress, ever. There is good news. The good news is that rest and discipline are not equal. Rest is significantly more powerful than discipline. It's got a multiplier. And what this means is for every point of discipline you score, you only need to compensate it with less points of rest. So for every, like, it's like a, it's called like a two to three to 4X multiplier, because, you know, if I, if I take a week off of work and I spend a week in zone six dis- in zone six rest, which means that I've just let everything go and I'm totally undisciplined and I'm l- I'm just completely off of it, wha- I can take a week off and that might recharge my battery for like three months. You know, if I take a nice long weekend, if I, if I take Monday, Friday and Saturday ... If I take Monday, if I take Friday, Saturday, Sunday and Monday off and stay in zone five rest for four days on a long weekend, that might, that's four days off but it might recharge my battery for three weeks. So rest is asymmetric, and what that means is you don't need to have an equal amount of rest and discipline, because, you know, when you go through your burnout cycles and your burnout stages, they might only last a week and then you might be able to go again for, like, three or four weeks, right? So it's important to note that for every point of discipline, you might need 0.3, 0.4, 0.5, um, points of rest, right? Sometimes you get 10X multiple on rest, it's insane. Rest, the return on, the ROD, the ROR, return on rest, which is basically discipline cash, is huge. Like for example, when I had my crazy nine-month stint, it only took me three months to get back to normal, to be clear and healthy again. Admittedly I wasn't quite back to normal for a year, but I could function. So you can see this here. Nine months of, of deep zone six and zone seven, and then only three months of zone, of zone, um, seven and six rest. So I, you know, I spent 75% of the year in deep zone six and seven, but only three months in deep zone seven and six. So I, uh, uh, it only took me, um, a third of the time to get back to the healthy level. So rest is more powerful than discipline in swinging this chart, and you don't need to spend as much time in rest as you do in discipline. It's n- it doesn't have to be perfectly equal, okay? 'Cause your body is built to rest, your body is built to recover, you've got, you've got a recovery mechanism inside of you that is incredibly efficient. And you can imagine your body and your mind to be like an iPhone. So let's say that you charge your phone for 10 hours straight and it runs out of battery. You put it on charge and one hour later it's fully charged, ready to go again. So you didn't need to charge your phone for the duration you wanted to use it for. So if you put your phone on charge for an hour, that might give you 10 hours of, of, of um, of usage. So it's a 10, it's a one to 10 ratio. In the same way that if you give your body, you know, um, a, a week of rest, you might get three months of discipline from that, right? It's like when you have any, any battery, if you charge the battery for ... It, it won't take long to charge it and you'll be able to use the battery for longer than you charged it for. So if I've got my MacBook and I charge my MacBook to 100%, it might take my MacBook two hours to get to 100%, but I might be able to use my MacBook for 20 hours, which means that there's a 10X multiple on the recovery of the MacBook's battery, if that makes sense. Same thing's true for your body. It's burn, it's, it's, um, charge-to-burn ratio, the battery is very efficient in these devices. So if you spent three months working in zone five or six discipline, maybe you'd have to spend a month in zone five or six. Now, note that this only applies to work. Like, if you ran a marathon with no training and spent five hours in zone six, your body might physically need four to five days of rest before it's fully recovered. So when it comes to your physical physiology, like your body's recovery, it can take a lot longer to recover, but your mind recovers real fucking quick. Like, you know, if you think about this, if you've never run a marathon before and tomorrow you run a marathon with no training, it might take y- you know, that's that, let's say you've run that for five hours, so you, you're in zone six discipline for five hours running and it's fucking horrible. It might take you five days to recover from that. So it was only five hours of discipline but it took you five days to recover. So the body takes a lot longer to recover, but the mind, the mind, the thing that you use to work, is, is an in- incredibly efficient battery. It's like an iPhone battery where you can charge it for a short period of time and then use the phone for a long time. On the flip side, the higher the zone, the more time you'll have to spend in the other zone, obviously. So if you spend a day or two in zone seven, you might need a month in zone six or five. So I'd advise never go to zone seven unless it's absolutely crucial for you, your family or your company's survival. So I've had to go to zone seven a few times before with work where I might have to spend, like, an entire, like, two days with, like, no sleep, like, trying to solve a problem in business and, like, you know, if we're going through, like, a crucial stage at the company. Like, there's, there's, there's times before where I've been in zone seven for a while and I've always had to pay a serious price for that in terms of rest levels and stuff like that. So with time and practice, you can increase the efficiency of your personal battery. The more you do this, the more time you will spend, um, sorry, the more you do this, i.e. the more time you spend in high discipline zones, the better you get at recovering and taking intentional rest, the more efficient you become. So p- you know, when it comes to burnout, you have a burnout threshold, which is how much discipline you have to enact with as little rest as possible before you burn out, and you can increase that threshold. And your battery becomes more efficient with time, so the more you do this, the longer you spend in high discipline zones, the better you get at resting and recovery, the, the more efficient your battery becomes. So for example, I've got like a decade of practice burning myself out and taking myself to my limits, and I have an extremely high t- tolerance for burnout. Like someone like Elon Musk, for example, like that dude could probably spend like, I dunno, fucking like six months in zone seven and then, and then basically only have to spend like a week in zone six to get out of it. Like, you know, the, you, you, you increase your battery efficiency and, you know, when I'm, when I'm talking about the level of discipline I can have, you know, you, you won't want to necessarily emulate that at the beginning because it takes time to get there. But really the only way to get there is to try to be there because that's how you get better at it and that's how you increase the efficiency. That's why I can make videos like these consistently and most people can't even make a video, YouTube video. You know, like I've been, I've been making these mindset, deep abstract mindset videos, these big boys for, you know, like six to nine months now, whatever it's been, and, um, it's been a little bit long- maybe longer than that, but I've been doing it consistently, like every week and most people can't even make a YouTube video. So it's like, you know, you just, there's levels to it. It's kind of like having... Like battery efficiency is like having a credit score, you know. A credit score is something given to people in society des- to determine how much money they can borrow and how favorable their interest rates are. So if you have a high credit score, you can borrow more money, et cetera, et cetera. You can think of having like a discipline credit score. So the better you are at paying back on time, being a reliable borrower, and you know, stuff like that, you can get more money from the bank. And the exact same thing is true with your body time and energy. So if I borrow lots of money from the bank and have credit cards and consistently pay them back on time, my credit score goes up, which means I can borrow more money from the bank in the future because they know I'm a reliable borrower. The same thing is true, you have like a credit score but for discipline. So the better you are at paying off your disciplinary debts, which is basically what you're incurring, discipline debt, right? When you spend too long in a highly disciplined state, you're, you're basically borrowing, you know, you're borrowing energy and you have to pay that energy back. So the better you get at paying that back on time with rest and the better you get at intentional rest and taking time off and taking it easy, the higher your discipline credit score, the more you are reliable to borrow, right? And the more the discipline bank will trust you with when it comes to borrowing Draining intensity is something that's crucial to note, which is basically that the lower your long-term battery, the easier it's going to be for you to drain it at lower levels of discipline. So say your long-term battery is nearly empty and you're nearing your burnout threshold. If you spend one day in zone three or four discipline, that might have the equivalent effect than if you were to spend a week in zone five or six when you had a full battery. So the more exhausted you become and the lower your long-term battery gets, the more sensitive it gets to being drained. So, you know, if, if here, right? If you're at this space, you could spend four or five days straight in maybe zone five or six and maybe reduce your battery a little bit. But if you were... if your battery was here and you spent a day in zone five or six, it might reduce drastically. So depending on how full your long-term battery is depends on the sensitivity to which... how much discipline it will require you to burn it off, if that makes sense. This also works on the flip side of rest. So if you take a day of rest and you're already pretty rested, then you'll fill your battery up way more than if you took a day of rest when you're already exhausted. It's pretty basic maths, okay? And disproportionate actions. So we've kind of discussed this, how, you know, not all actions will burn energy equally. Some actions in your business and in your work are going to be more taxing than others. It's not about how much time you spend in a disciplined state, it's about how intense the action is And you don't want to fool yourself into thinking you're a high discipline person just because you work a lot. If you work on easy shit, like if you're building a website or replying to emails or watching content, then you're in like zone three or four. But if you're making like YouTube videos and deep content and doing sales calls all the time and working on your product and hiring people, that's like zone six. So, you know, you watching this right now, yeah, it requires a bit of discipline because you could be watching Netflix and you're watching... but all you're really doing is you're watching a video and doing some action items. So maybe you're in zone three or four, but, you know, you could probably find that you'd be able to spend more time doing this than you would doing sales calls or something that's a little bit more exhausting, right? So for example, if you look at this from a gym standpoint, a one rep max deadlift is going to take more energy and tax more from your body and your energy discipline levels than 30 minutes just walking on the treadmill. So a one rep, a one rep max deadlift you could do in 15 seconds, right? But it's fucking exhausting because it's so intense, so you go to zone seven or high zone six just for 15 seconds, but it would take you... it would cost you more energy to do this than it would 30 minutes on the treadmill. Now, not in terms of calorific burn, I'm talking central nervous system energy reserves, right? So how much energy you burn is not about time spent, it's far more about intensity of activity So I'm recording this video now, it's a four-hour recording, it's exhausting. That's, that's me good for the day. (laughs) Like, you know, it's like I, I, I'll probably keep going after this, to be honest, 'cause I've got quite a lot of energy at the moment. I've, I've really stacked up my reserves recently. Um, but, you know, it's, it's exhausting and it's about intensity. So for example, four hours of deep work on this Google Doc is going to take more energy than 20 hours of listening to business podcasts or doing meetings. And in case you're wondering, by the way, (laughs) little plug, program recording is the most heinously exhausting thing I have to do at work. And this build of the academy has truly sent me to the darkness and it's done me some harm. So, you know, you can always refer a friend or upsell and buy EasyGrow or something just to say, (laughs) just to say, "Cheers with that, mate." Um, it's a shameless plug, but I was, I was sort of amused as I was recording this because like, you know, the- these videos to make..They are exhausting and, you know, over the last six to nine months I have been in and out of pretty serious burnout at times because of these, and because I'm in such a rush to get them done because, well, I want to add as much value as I can as fast as I can. Um, yeah, it's pretty exhausting, but doesn't matter. So burnout is kind of one of the last things we're going to discuss here. Um, we've obviously used this term multiple times, and you probably know what it is and how it works, but I want to give you some information on this so that, you know, you can be better equipped to deal with it should you start to experience it, which you probably definitely will because you're not going to get this right the first time around, unless you properly listen to me. So burnout is defined as forced recovery or forced rest. It's when you've pushed yourself so far that your body effectively shuts down and forces you to stop, and it won't listen to rhyme or reason. If the body is burned out, there ain't anything you can do to get it up and do the work. Burnout is a total state and works on a threshold basis. What that means is it will- it will show symptoms and happen gradually until you hit a point of no return in which you will descend into total exhaustion. It's a threshold, and that means there's an arbitrary level of energy reserve that you need to dip in to reach it. Everyone has different burnout thresholds and you can improve yours over time by practicing and working. Now, burnout exists in five stages and there's- and there's, like, five thresholds to get to each stage. So we've got stage one, which is mental. So this is- this is easy. This is not really burnout. This is when you get little emotional spikes, a little bit of doubt, a little bit of fear, you can't really focus, like, just a couple of little mental symptoms, a little bit tired, like, this is nothing serious. Stage two is physical. This is mild, mild physical symptoms. You feel a bit tired, you- you can't really get to sleep that well. You know, you're getting a little bit sick, you're getting... Y- your bags under your eyes, you know, y- you're starting to get a little bit burned out. Like, it's nothing serious, it's not going to stop you from working, but, you know, you're just a little bit tired. Stage three is where things get a little bit serious. This is when your stress levels are increased, your cortisol is up, you know, you're not sleeping properly. This is when you actually are starting to get properly burned out. You get nausea sometimes, you get anxiety, you can get, like, a fever, you get properly sick. You can't really exercise anymore because you're so stressed, um, you lose your appetite. This is bad. Cortisol is up, right? But you can push through this. I mean, you can- you can keep going if you want to. Stage four is Armageddon. This is what I got to, um, and this- this- this happens real fucking quick. So you hit this threshold and if you go into stage four, it happens pretty quick So this is where you get panic attacks, chronic brain fog, disassociation, immune problems, weight gain, weight loss, depression, night terrors. Stage four, you do not want to- you don't want to go there. Stage Three, you can tolerate that for a little bit, but you generally want to take some time off once you start getting stage three. Because this is the thing people ask me all the time, is, how do I know when I'm burned out? And how do I know when I'm just coping and I don't want to work? Well, you look no further than the bodily symptoms. So you don't listen to the mental ones. The mental ones are bullshit. Like, you know, the doubts or the fucking- the little fears or the- the emotional spikes or the inability to focus. That's nothing. You don't listen to the physical mar- the mid- the mild physical symptoms either, because your body can fake those and your mind can fake those through placebo. So if you're tired, if you're not sleeping that well, like, you don't listen to these. What you listen to is stage three. That's when you get undeniable biological proof that your stress levels are too high and you need some time off, right? Stage five is hospitalization. So this is where you have a heart attack, irreversible psychological damage, like, I'm talking drastic personality change and mental disorders, rapid aging, reduced life expectancy. This is shit that can kill you, right? You don't want to go here. So I've been to Armageddon, nearly probably into stage five, um, and I'm not proud of it. But generally speaking, like, stage one will last for like two to six weeks, stage two will last two to six weeks. Like, you know, you- you can be in the- in the early burnout stages for, you know, three or four months really before things get nasty Now I basically... When I burned out, when I had my nine-month stint and had my three months of- of Armageddon basically, I spent nine months, you know, in stage three. I- I was, like, in stage one for, like, two months. I was in stage two for, like, another couple of months, in stage three for a while. And then it got to this, like, this point where it just, like, was a threshold. I just started waking up and I was, like, having panic attacks and shit and- and that was when it got bad. So you want to stop when you get to stage three, because by that point you're probably, you know, a couple of months in and you need a- you need a holiday, basically. So a brutal word of advice. (sighs) I was contemplating putting this in or not, but I would... I- I'm not going to advise you to do this because it's not healthy and you might have underlying health conditions. So I actually want to say, um, proceed with caution. Um, do this at your own risk, right? Not advice. (sighs) Okay, here's the thing. If I was starting again, I would take myself to stage four at least once, because what you want to do is... Every great entrepreneur that I've studied, every great athlete, they've all been to stage four. You learn a lot by going here. You learn your limits, you learn your markers. So for me, my burnout symptom is disassociation and these things. Don't go as far as I did, because I was in stage four way before I had that breakdown and that panic attack But just push yourself into this little bit ever so gently. Now, I'm not giving you the advice to do that because if you've got underlying health issues and you die because of that, I'd rather you don't, because this is serious shit and it can actually do some real damage to you. So, you know, you can use your judgment. Um, but it does help to learn your limits and explore the darkness and the chaos. Once it's enough, I am never ever going to stage four ever again. Now, like, I've had enough burnout trauma for a lifetime through those three- three months. I am never ever going to stage four ever again. Now, I've been close. Um, I actually have been close before, but not, like, to the point where I broke down. I think what kind of happened is I was pretty deep into stage four and I was about to get into stage five and my body just shut down. So I think I was in stage four for like a good month, you know, where I had, like, these massive issues. I started losing weight, I couldn't eat anything, but I was still working and going for it. And then my body just shut down before it- before I had a heart attack, right? I think that's kind of what happened, thank God. Like, my body just basically forced me into, um, zone 7 rest. Zone 7 rest is fucking horrible.Like, zone seven rest is- is awful. That's where you just have a breakdown, you can't do anything. It's fucking horrible. But my body was like, "Hey, if we don't put this guy in zone seven rest, like, we're gonna die." Um, so yeah, avoid it at all costs. If you feel stage three kicking in, you can tank it out for a little bit, but I'd advise you take some voluntary rest before it comes- becomes involuntary. 'Cause involuntary rest is not nice. Forced rest is not nice. That's burnout. Um, but, you know, my... What I would do if I was starting again is gently explore stage four just to see the limits and just so I can understand, like, wha- what is there. Because that way, you know your limits, you know how far you can push yourself, and, you know, it can be helpful sometimes but it's up to you. So, how do we avoid burnout? Because burnout is forced rest, burnout is forced recovery. It's your body shutting down, and basically it's a total depletion of energy reserves to the point where you cannot physically function or work. So, we avoid it through integrated rest. You need to avoid burnout, okay? Burnout is too expensive, not only from a business perspective but a health perspective too. It takes a long time to recover, and the problem with burnout is it basically forces you to have multiple weeks or months off in a row. You know, it's like if you get really burned out, sometimes you might have to take, like, three weeks off, of work. And, you know, that- that can be the product of forced rest from burnout. And deep rest zones shouldn't be sustained for too long, because what happens with deep rest, if you stay in, like, zone six rest for too long, it can become part of your identity and then you can start b-... Like, if you burn yourself out and you spend three weeks in zone five or zone six, you're gonna bring back all of your addictions, all your habits, and you're kinda gotta start again. So, you want to avoid burnout because it really can set you back. And you might feel like you're proud because you're making all this disciplined progress, but you end up taking a step backwards because of it. So, you'll get inconsistent results and outputs with your business and your health and everything if you have inconsistent inputs, i.e. you keep burning out. So, taking multiple weeks or months off of client delivery or sales or outreach is not good. You need to learn to integrate your rest into your working days. So, the question becomes, well, how do we do this? The key here is integration. We need to learn to integrate rest into our life. What we don't want to do is have a day of discipline and a day of rest, right? What you want to do is you- you integrate rest into your day. You don't just wake up and- and just stay in zone six all day. You dip in between zones of rest and discipline throughout the day. And this is what I've got really fucking good at and this is how I'm able to stay so consistent with my workflow, is inst-... What I used to do is I used to polarize myself to discipline, stay in zone five or six for weeks on end, burn out, and then stay in, like, zone five or six for a week, and then come back, and then go again. That's not good, it's not healthy, and it doesn't lead to long-term business success. What you do instead every day is you find little pockets of time throughout the day to enter zones of rest, so you can pay off your discipline debt and integrate that payment in little short bursts throughout your day What that does, instead of having to take a week off or two weeks off, you- you- you still have the time off and the rest, but you have the rest integrated into your days instead of having it in one massive block. And this is basically how you become consistent, because instead of having these massive gaps in your productivity, you have these little tiny gaps throughout the day. And that way, you're integrated, it's healthier, your health stays consistent, your biology stays consistent, your hormones stay consistent, your relationships stay consistent, your worklo- your workflow stays consistent, your client results stay consistent, your revenue stays consistent, your profit stays consistent, and your sanity stays consistent. So, integration is the key. We can't just push, push, push, burn out, take a week or two off, push, push, push, burn out, take a week or two off. I've done that, I did it for four or five years, it's not productive, it doesn't work. It's way better to integrate, okay? So, what we do is we integrate. And there's eight different things that you can use to integrate your rest. Now, we can integrate on multiple time horizons. So, we can integrate in the hour, we can integrate in the day, we can integrate in the week, we can integrate in the month, and we can integrate in the quarter, okay? The quarter- a quarter, by the way, a business quarter, is three- three consecutive months. So, you've got, like, January, February, March would be Q1, quarter one, right? You'd have, um, October, November, December as q-quarter... Q4, quarter four. So, I use all of the following tools of REST at different time frames So, the first one is napping. So, if I'm in deep discipline zones, like I am right now, I will nap daily for 30 to 60 minutes in the afternoon. A nap is an easy way to get into zone five rest immediately and pay off some discipline debt in the middle of the day. So, for example, um, I'm in zone six today, which is exhausting. And, you know, I'm borrowing from my reserves, a couple of days out, and I need to... If I don't pay that debt off now, I'm going to have to pay it off later, and I'm gonna have to pay it off for a long period of time. So, what I- what I'm doing at the moment with my days, and I've been doing this for quite a while, is taking naps. So, you know, it'll get to, like... Um, to be fair, I sh- I would have already done it by now, but I'm recording, so. If I'm making Google Docs, then, like, I'll just go and nap after lunch. So, like, I'll get to, like, 2:00, 3:00 PM and I'll just take a nap for, like, you know, 30 minutes, 60 minutes. I- I'll just set a timer for 60 minutes and I let my body sleep for as long as it needs to, up to 60 minutes. And what that does is it allows me to enter... Immediately enter zone five rest and just pay off the debt that I would have incurred by working in zone six during the morning And so that way (laughs), like, I'm not building up any discipline debt, I'm paying it off in the day. Same thing with staring at the wall (laughs). Sometimes when I eat lunch, afterwards I'll just lay down and stare at the ceiling for a short while. I know that's a funny image, but I'll do this after work too. If I'm overstimulated or hyperstimulated from work, what I'll do is enter zone four rest and just pay off some discipline debt by just staring at the wall. I'm telling you right now, as soon as I finish this recording, I'm gonna export it and I'm gonna process it, and I'm gonna go and lay on my bed and stare at my ceiling for probably about 30 minutes. It's too late in the day for me to have a nap. If I nap now, then I won't sleep well tonight because it's nearly the evening, right? It's nearly 5:00 by the time I'm finished. So, you know, I'll just go and lay down and I'll just stare at the wall. And what that will allow me to do is it allows my brain to rest, 'cause there's no new stimulus coming in. It hasn't got to process or deal with anything coming in, and therefore I'm just immediately straight into zone four rest, allowing my body to just process some things and just pay off a little bit of the debt. Spa or bathing. I'll often sauna or take long baths with no phone, music, or anything. I'll just sit in a warm space and do nothing but process and relax. And I'll do this for 30 to 60 minutes or so. And, you know, if I'm in the- if I'm in the bath, I'm just sat in the bath, like, laying and staring up at the ceiling, um, th- that's like zone five rest It's not quite deep zone five like a nap, but, you know, if you go and sit in warm water for an hour with no stimulation, that's like the equivalent of, like, that's a lot of rest, you know. And I got this from Napoleon (laughs), actually. I read Napoleon's biography. Um, it's an 800-page book by, I think, someone called Andrew Roberts. It's called Napoleon: A Life. I think that's the author's name, I don't know. And, um, what Napoleon used to do is he would take really long baths. So like, during, like, an intensive battle, if there was, like, a lull in the fighting for a couple of days, 'cause he got so little sleep, what he would do is just go and get in the bath for, like, three hours, four hours. And that was basically his way of integrating, um, you know, pretty ext- a pretty extreme REST protocol into a- a period into which he had to have hyper discipline. 'Cause he recognized that during, you know, a campaign or battle, you've got to be hyper, hyper disciplined. But at the same time, you need to bring and integrate rest with you. Now, Napoleon was notorious for.. ... for hypomania, which is actually a genetic condition that denotes a, um, a ability to exert mass amounts of energy with very little rest. Um, so, you know, some people have that. I- I don't know if I have that or not. Maybe I do. Anyway, um, maybe, yeah, maybe I do. Thinking about it. Anyway, whatever. Um, yeah, walks. End of the day, for 45 or 60 minutes with no music, no phone or stimulation, maybe a conversation with a friend, just you and your thoughts in some nature or someplace quiet. So, you know, I'll probably do this tonight, um, I'll just go for a walk, you know, there's a park near my house, and I'll just go and sit in the sun 'cause it's nice and sunny, and I'll just watch the sunset with no stimulation. That's like zone three, four rest, just paying off some discipline debt. I'm just, you know, I'm not finishing my workday after, you know, a, a 10-hour, 11-hour recording day where I'm making documents and recording, and then I'm not, like, going and opening my book and, like, reading David Goggins, and then I'm, like, you know, meditating for, like, an hour, and then, like, taking five cold showers and screaming at myself. Like, I'm not doing that. I'm resting. Like, I need to rest. I can't just maintain... If I'm maintaining zone five/six discipline for 10 hours, 11 hours, which is what I'm doing when I'm working, the rest of my day needs to be, like, zone three, zone four, zone five rest. Socializing. So, like, tonight, um, at 9:00 PM, um, I'm playing paddle with my friends. It's like a racket sport. And, you know, that- that will be relaxing. That's, like, easy zone three, four rest. It's- it's a very- it's not a very intensive sport. Um, I'll do this a couple of times a week. If I'm in deep, deep discipline, I won't socialize at all, um, so, you know, when I was building my first business, I didn't do much socializing at all, um, but I find this to be an easy way to sort of get out the house, you know, drive to the court, um, sun's out, it's nice and sunny, nice and warm, play some paddles with the boys, have some fun, easy rest zone three to f- easy rest zone three to four. What I could do is I could stay inside and, you know, speed-read a nonfiction book, or listen to a business podcast, or do a thousand press-ups, but it's just that, that- I'm just gonna pay a price for that in the future. Either you pay off your debt now in short bursts, or you pay it off later with long bursts. And the long bursts are the things that get you. That when you have a long burst of rest, forced rest, i.e. burnout, your addictions come back, your bad habits come back, your old identity comes back, and then you've got to fucking work your way out of that, which is really hard, not to mention the inconsistency. I've got 30 people working for me. I have to show up for them. I can't just be burned out and not turn up to team meetings and stuff because I'm tired and need to integrate it. Weekends. So I take Sundays off work completely, and I usually take Saturday afternoons off work completely. This is discretionary and depends on my energy levels and what stage of burnout I'm in. So yesterday was Sunday, and I spent six hours working on this resource. (laughs) So it's not always, but, you know, if I've got the energy to do it, then I will, um, you know, but I'll- I'll pay the price for that. Like, this- this arbitrary time frame of- of- of- of weekdays, like, this idea of days, it's, um, it's, yeah, we- it's funny how humans work with time. But anyway, yeah, I usually take Sundays off completely, and usually Saturday afternoons, unless I've got loads of energy, which I did. Um, evenings. I usually finish work around 7:00 to 8:00 PM and log off of everything and just relax till bedtime. So unless there's an emergency, like critical, mission-critical work emergency, I just chill out in the evenings. I just relax. I'm just chilling. I'm- I'm- I'm- I could be in the bath, I could go to the sauna, I could go for a long walk and talk to a friend, I could play paddle, I could, um, stare at the wall, I could watch a movie, just chilling out. What I'm not doing is, you know, watching two hours of porn and then, you know, watching three hours of short-form content. Like, shit that- like, and eating junk food, like shit that's hyperstimulating, um, tends to not actually be that relaxing, surprisingly And then holidays. So I'll take one- to two-week vacations every three to four months where I won't do any work or check anything to do with work. So emails and messages get turned off, but I'll on- I'll only activate work mode if there's an emergency. Um, so I'll- I'll go on these holidays, and, um, I'll just chill and just do nothing. There's no shame in that. Like, you know, unless there's an emergency. Tell you a story. I was in Bodrum, which is a city in southern Turkey, with one of my, um, with my ex-girlfriend. Um, we were in Bodrum, and we were chilling, and Stripe decided to, um, close our account. So our payment processing ability was just wiped out, and we couldn't sign clients or take payments. And so I had to come out of holiday mode and enter zone six discipline for the rest of the holiday to fix the Stripe problem. I had to, like, call them and email them and draft up emails and, like, seek- seek consultants and stuff. So yeah, that kind of ruined my holiday. But, you know, if it's mission critical, i.e. you can't process payments or make money and the business is going to be failing because of that, then you take some time off, right? Off- off for holiday, and you go back into work. But yeah, tho- those are the eight ways that- my favorite ways to integrate rest. I'm not playing video games or watching short-form content or eating junk food or anything, um, although sometimes l- I can do that, and I'll tell you about that in a second. So this is what an average workday would look like for me on the discipline or recovery chart. This is, like, an intensive day of recording, um, I won't always take the nap, um, but on my average workday, I'll spend basically 66% of my day in zone five to six of discipline. And I'll spend 33% of my day in zone four to six of rest. With my days off, I can sustain this for months. So with all of these things, so if I, if I'm taking naps every now and then, if I'm doing the stare-at-the-wall technique or the bathing technique, if I'm walking frequently and doing nothing, if I'm socializing properly, taking off weekends consistently, having my evenings to relax, and taking a holiday every quarter, I can sustain this for the rest of my days. Sometimes, unfortunately, I might not be able to go on holiday, or I might not be able to have my evenings, or I might not be able to have my weekends, or I might not be able to socialize because sometimes the business can demand more of me, you know? Sometimes, you know, m- mission-critical things can happen, people can leave or die, or people m- might need- we might need new hires, or the ads might stop working, or, you know, the content funnel might break and I might need to do some really serious work, and, you know, sometimes I'll have to enter, like..... zone seven, if I-- I don't want to most of the time, but sometimes I have to. But this is what it looks like. So I wake up and I'm in zone six for the morning, then I'll eat, you know, and I'll be in, um, when I'm eating, I'm just relaxing, I'm not doing anything. Then I'll nap, so zone four, then I'm back in discipline state. Then I'm just, in the evening, I'm in, like, zone four, and then, like, I'm sleeping. So, sleep is the ultimate form of recovery, by the way, which is why I sleep a lot. Um, I sleep a lot, like, sometimes nine hours a night. And, um, like, you know, sleep is zone six recovery, 'cause you're unconscious. Um, but, you know, I'll spend, like, a good, like, three hours in the evening just chilling, you can see here. And so, what you can see is I've got this perfect balance where two-thirds of my time is spent in discipline, and two-thirds of my time is spent in rest. Is this perfectly binary? No. Is it always going to be accurate? No. Is this always what my day looks like? No. But this is what I strive for, because I can sustain this for a long, long time. And this is what a typical Sunday looks like for me. So, on Sunday is my day off. I keep my diet clean. I'm still going to bed on time. Maybe a drink or two if I'm socializing. I might watch a movie, see some friends or family, read a non-fiction book, or watch a good series. Maybe an avocado or a salad, if I'm feeling extra cheeky. (laughs) if I'm really, if I wanna, if I'm getting bored of the carnivore diet, I'll eat, like, an avocado. That's the extent of my naughtiness when it comes to my diet on Sundays. So Sunday, I'll just spend in, like, zone four. I'm just chilling. I'm just paying off my debt from the week. You have to do this. It's an obligation, right? So you can see, this is, like, a typical Sunday for me. No discipline, I'm not doing anything hard, not working out, not doing anything. I'm just chilling, chilling with my friends, chilling with my family, reading a book, watching a movie, laying in bed, chilling. This is what a typical day looks like for me while I'm on holiday. So, on holiday, this is the only time that I will go to zone six disc- zone six rest, right? (laughs) So, when I'm on holiday, I go a little bit wild. So I'll be sleeping and waking whenever I want, so there's no schedule to my sleep. I don't work, I don't work out. I drink and eat whatever the fuck I want. I party, I'll sunbathe all day, I'll binge-watch a Netflix series. I'll rot away in bed. I'll watch YouTube, I can play video games, whatever I want. I let, like, w- every... This is usually twice a year, sometimes three times a year. I'll spend a week, usually it's only a week, two weeks is way too much to be in this state. I'll spend a week letting go of all my impulses. Now, I keep a little bit of discipline, because I won't do any drugs, and I won't watch porn, but with those two exceptions, there's not much that I wouldn't do. Um, like, I'm not going to crazy extremes or anything like that, but for, for a good week, every three to four months, I'll just let go of everything. And this is deep rest for me. And if I do this, like, if I work for three or four months straight and then have a week of this, like, I'm pay- I'm basically just paying off debt intentionally. And I schedule my holidays out, like I'm, I'm in the middle of the year now, and I've got one of these coming up in July and another one coming up in October. And, you know, so I know that for the next, like, six months, I've got these weeks, and I can allow myself to just completely decompress. And, you know, this is not what I'm like. I, I don't drink, I don't eat shit food, I don't party, I don't sunbathe. Um, I don't watch YouTube or binge-watch shit. But you've, this is the thing, is you cannot get hard jammed on discipline. You c- you know, don't, this is the judgment, this is the judgment mirror thing coming in. If you judge people that are lazy, and you judge people that don't do anything, then those behaviors are locked to you for fear of you being judged by the people for doing them, or fear of you judging yourself for doing them. So I won't judge people that are lazy, because sometimes I need to be lazy. And if I judge them for being lazy, then I can't be lazy. So, don't be afraid if... Now, here's the thing. If your life looks like this all the time, or like this all the time, then you're gonna be broke and poor and miserable and fat, right? This is what most people's lives look like, 'cause they just fucking exist, and they're just horrible. But you need to be able to go ahead. You need to be able to swing between the states. Sometimes you have to be like, "Shit, I am fucking about to enter stage four burnout. I need, like, a good week off. I need, like, a good two weeks off, and I'm gonna be in zone five the whole time maybe." That's fine. So, the objective here is to construct a routine that integrates rest into your daily, weekly, monthly, and quarterly lifestyle. Running at 100% without time off, downtime, or relaxation is a surefire way to stay poor and get nothing done. It might feel good in the moment, because there is intense pleasure in momentarily dominating the day, but it will not last. You need something sustainable. So integration is the key word here. You know, you must integrate. If you have, it doesn't have to be, um, one day on, one day off. You can rest integrated neatly into every timeframe imaginable, in the hour, the day, the week, the month, the quarter, the year. And I'm gonna do it in a minute. I'm gonna finish this recording, I'm gonna export it, and I'm gonna lie on the, my bed, and I'm gonna stare at the ceiling and just let my brain process the last five hours of work. And that's integration. Do I feel guilty for doing that? Not at all. Could I instead, you know, open up the next doc and start working on it immediately, and like, you know, listen to a podcast and, like, do as much work as possible? Yeah, I could. But the, the reason I'm not gonna do that is because I need to pay off the debt before I incur more debt. (laughs) You know, it's pretty smart to do that, financially, at least. Just become aware of the burnout signals and listen to your body. And don't do stupid shit on your rest days. So, the, the key here is being able to rest and have little integrated rest periods without doing stupid shit. So if you have a day off on Sunday, keep your diet clean and sleep on time, and don't be a fucking idiot. Don't let all these bad habits come back in. Maintain some discipline, but just, the diet and the sleep is the main thing. Don't fuck your diet up, and don't fuck your sleep up. Everything else is pretty much fair game. Also, try to avoid frying your bain- brain with hyperstimulation, like, you know, or alcohol. Um, there you go. These consequences have too long of a half-life. So, like, if I'm, if I'm relaxing on Sunday, I'm still eating clean. I'm still going to bed on time. I'm not watching short-form content. I'm not doing anything stupid like watching porn or anything like that. So, don't do that anyway, I think it's disgusting. Um, I don't, I'm not drinking loads of alcohol or anything. I'm just in, like, a little zone four, you know? I'm just going for some walks, I'm just lying around, I'm just chilling out.Kind of like behaving like a cat all day, right? Just laying in the fucking sun. It's nice. Now, the cool thing about this is habitual discipline conservation. So when you habitualize a behavior, it no longer requires discipline to execute on. Certain behaviors require a lot of discipline, so eating clean, exercising, going to bed on time, meditating, working. These things require discipline. But here's the cool thing. Once you habitualize a ha- behavior, which means make it a habit, it no longer rep- requires any discipline. So for example, I eat a hyper-clean carnivore diet. I only eat red meat, right? And I don't eat anything else. Nothing else. No carbs, no sugar, nothing. It doesn't require any discipline from me anymore because it's just a habit at this point. So I don't get dietary ca- cravings, and I actively want to eat clean meat. So I don't get any impulses to eat shit food, ever, because I've been doing this for like a year and a half. Which means that my clean, healthy diet, which allows me to have fully-fledged focus with no gut inflammation, requires not a single ounce of discipline from me. It just happens. I just execute on it, cook it, eat it, buy it without thinking about it. And that's cool because now I can take the discipline energy that would have gone into my dietary needs and put it into my work instead. This is why forming healthy habits is a crucial thing to do in the early stage of your entrepreneurial career. If you have healthy habits that support your goal and your business success, you'll eventually be able to execute on them without any discipline, and then you can take that discipline that is in excess and put that into your work. And that's how you produce good work. Another example, I work out regularly and I love working out, and it doesn't require discipline. I don't have to drag myself into the gym, and I usually have the opposite problem of overtraining. Like I'll go to the gym too much and push myself to failure too much. It's just a habit and doesn't require me to get into any depth. What this means is good habits allow you to channel all your energy and discipline into your work. Now, this is the last thing, and this is fucking crucial, so I'm gonna say this once without overdoing the point. Do. Not. Cope. With. Rest. Remember what you learned in trial by fire mark two. Be careful not to delude yourself and cope into thinking that you need more time off than you actually do. Your current self is very clever and will try to fool you with thoughts and emotions. Always listen to your body, not your mind, when it comes to knowing when to take rest. The body doesn't lie. So remember, you've got these stages of burnout, and you, you know, you'll be able to determine when you need rest and stuff based on what stage you're at. Don't listen to stage one and two. Ignore them, because it's usually just your current sense of self creating resistance and lying to you to encourage you to stop working. What a lot of people do is they use rest as a coping excuse to not work. And it's hard to balance this because you need to know when to rest and when to be disciplined, and you don't want to be completely disciplined, but you need to learn to not cope and delude yourself. Like, oh, like I'm... You, you wake... Let's say, let's say you wake up and you're like, "Oh, I'm a little bit tired today and I've got a bit of a headache, so I'm gonna t- I, I must be in burnout stage two, I'm, I've gotta take the day off." Like that's fucking bullshit, and you know it's fucking bullshit. So the caveat to this entire section of this video is to remember what you learned in trial by fire and recognize when you're burned out, but also recognize when you're just creating bullshit resistance, and you can do that according to this stage graph here and looking at the symptoms. Okay? And I'll leave you with a quote. "Rest is a skill. In the same way that you need to get good at working hard, you need to get good at resting hard, because you can only work as hard as you can recover." Discipline is a skill. It's a talent. It's something that you can get good at. It's something that you can embed into your identity and your life, and you're gonna be able to do wonderful things with it. But you can't develop discipline without, in conjunction, developing rest, and how good you are at rest is, is going to determine how good you are at discipline, and you need to learn to rest. There's no shame in it. It's necessary, it's appropriate for consistency. So in summary, this was a big fucking video. Total discipline, delaying gratification, all or nothing, sacrifice, giving to get, focus, projections and mirrors, client mirror, the endless source, achieving consistency, athletic recovery, homeostatic disciplinary regulation, battery theory, discipline debt, asymmetric charging, battery efficiency, draining intensity, disproportionate actions, burnout, integrated rest, habitual discipline, conservation, and delusional rest. I would encourage you to watch this video 10 times. Like if there's something you don't want to forget, it's this. And, you know, you're gonna burn yourself out, you're gonna forget this shit probably if you don't listen to me, which you might not. Maybe you will, maybe you will, maybe you'll learn your lesson straight away. But this took me seven years to learn, and, you know, I've only really just started to understand this idea of rest, and, um, it's a wonderful... Like thi- this idea of, of the, of the discipline recovery graph, um, I came up with this, uh, only, only recently. I, I had the thought around this for like a year ago, and when I start kind of... When I started to build out the, um, my understanding of the academy and how I was gonna produce this mindset module, and like this idea is the game. This is a big game changer because what a lot of people teach when it comes to mindset training is they polarize you to discipline, and this, this... They try and force you to be this machine, but they forget that for every action there is an opposite and equal reaction, and that as above, so below, and extreme discipline becomes forced rest. So that, my friends, is a 55-page video on unrelenting discipline. I hope you enjoyed it, and I look forward to seeing you in the next video.