# 2.8. Designing Reality

(instrumental music plays) Hey, everyone. Charlie Morgan here, and welcome to Designing Reality. This is the final video of the mindset training. And before we start, I wanna say a big congratulations and well done for making it this far in the training. What we're gonna do in this video is start putting some pen to paper, and really, we're gonna take everything that we've learned over the course of the last seven videos and start putting it into action. We're gonna start designing the exact reality that you want to achieve, we're gonna start mapping out exactly who you need to become, and we're gonna boil this entire mindset training down to a nice, neat and tidy, easy-to-follow daily action that you can do couple of times a day to start reinforcing your, your new identity, removing any of your doubts, and really just starting to build these new belief systems and become more disciplined. I'm sure that even though you haven't really started yet with this mindset thing, and even though you're still just learning, you've probably started to notice some, uh, perhaps minor or maybe even profound differences in yourself or the way you think. Maybe you're more disciplined than ever, maybe you're more motivated than ever, maybe you're smarter than ever, and you start, you're starting to feel like you actually kinda get this whole thing. And so what we're gonna do in Designing Reality is basically round off a few pieces of information you need to know about your goal, and then we're actually going to design reality. And we're gonna basically create a, uh, a sort of thing that you can see and hold and touch, and ultimately use to remind yourself of what you want, what you're doing this for, and so it shall be. Now, this is exactly what I did. Um, I'm gonna give you live, real examples that are fucking terrifying. Like, I created, I designed my reality, uh, I've done it multiple times over the last several years, se- six, seven, eight years now, and I've designed reality and I've got the PDFs and the vision boards to show you, and they all came true, to the letter. It's fucking scary how well this stuff works. And so I'm gonna show you those examples, and you can model off of mine. So, let's get into it. So, we're gonna go through some pin-ups, Stockdale goal-setting, reverse-engineered plan, beliefs recap, belief feedback loops, forging experiences, and then a couple of extremely important action items. So, this is a heavy action item-dependent, uh, module, as it should be, since it's the last one, so let's get into it. So, welcome to Designing Reality. First of all, well done. Like I said, you've made it quite far into this training, and you're clearly showing no signs of quitting. So, I understand the length of the average video here isn't insignificant. I know that it's been, um, tough and maybe hard at times to go through these videos, but here you are, showing up, serious about your goals, game face on. Well done, okay? You've made it further than 99% of people, which is a fantastic start. You've got a long road ahead of you, though. Here, we'll wrap up this mindset training by building what I call a self-transcendence workbook or document, which serves as your map through your entrepreneurial and personal journey. Now, at this point, you've understood all the theory and now it's time to put it together into some actionable steps. So, the first piece of action I want you to take is pin-ups. So, one thing that helped me massively on my entrepreneurial journey was using pin-ups. These were A4 posters that I'd Blu-Tack or pin to my bedroom wall, which is where I worked. They reminded me of what I'd learned so I could stay accountable. These were really helpful to me, so I've made some for you. And, um, yeah, they're really awesome. And we might, you might have seen some pin-ups in earlier videos as well, throughout the content, um, but these are specifically from the mindset module. So, I've gone ahead and created these pin-ups for each mindset video you've watched so far, and basically what they do is they summarize each mindset video. So, you'll want to print these off and pin them up in your office or your bedroom, and they contain the core central thesis of each mindset video so you don't forget what you've learned. Um, when I was starting out, my wall was full of pin-ups, sticky notes, and stuff I didn't want to forget. So, you know, at the beginning of my journey, I had, like, my, my bedroom walls were literally covered head to toe in, um, print-outs of, you know, words and diagrams and things I'd learned that I didn't want to forget. When I went through, um, when I was mentored by my mentor Sam, um, he had lots of things that I could print off and pin up, and I did, and my room was just covered. It was like a, it was like a, you know, someone trying to figure out a, a crime scene, like, it was just covered in, like, different diagrams and words and ideas and abstractions and, and motivation, so pretty cool. So, what we have here is a little Google Drive folder. And you can see them, they're in order here, for every single mindset video. So, here we would have pin-up for achieving omniscience, with a summary of everything sort of contained, um, in there. And then we have a pin-up for subjugating reality, we have a pin-up for identity ignition, we have a pin-up for oscillatory life cycles, trial by fire mark two, polarity paradoxes, obviously the one you just did, unrelenting discipline with the diagrams, and last but not least, the designing reality one, okay? Um, so this is pretty cool, because you can basically line these up on your wall and just constantly remind yourself of this mindset stuff, because trust me, you're gonna forget some of this information, and you need to be reminded more than you need to be taught, okay? You've unlocked this new information, it's shiny, it's new, it's exciting, um, and I'll be frank, you don't really need much more in the way of psychology or mindset training beyond what you found in these videos. You really don't. The core main important thing is you don't forget. So, pin these up. Um, if you don't have a printer, go and buy one. It's, like, $30, $40, and, um, trust me, it's well worth spending 30, 50, 30, 40, 50 bucks on never forgetting this stuff. Um, cost you a lot more than that if you forget. So, go and buy a printer, um, and print them off.If you already have a printer, fantastic. They look like this, and you can just basically Blue Tap them to your wall, um, bedroom wall, or pin them up, whatever. And, yeah, it's pretty cool because then you can have this sort of environment in your workspace or your bedroom where you're just surrounded by this knowledge constantly. And you might not even stop to read it, but from time to time y- it's there and you'll remember it, and it's pretty cool, okay? Now, we're gonna get into a few bits and pieces to do with goal setting here, because obviously, you know, the- the- at the forefront of this race to change your reality is your goal, and the main advocate for the, um, the initiation of this change is- is an objective, i.e. a goal. And so we're gonna talk quickly about goal setting and a couple of things to bear in mind before we actually build this reality and- and- and try and map this goal onto a piece of paper or a vision board. It's crucial. So you now have a rough idea of what you want, and what I want you to do is just take a quick second right now to write down how much money you wanna be making per month with your business. So this is just a brief action item. You probably already know this, um, but, you know, just write it down right now. So you can write it down on your piece of paper. How much per month do you wanna be making? If you haven't got a piece of paper in front of you, you should, because this is a lesson and you should be taking notes. But if you don't, you can just think of it in your head, okay? Now, I want you to do this. Now that you have your number in this head, I want you to resist the urge or temptation to do the following: put a timeframe on this goal. When most people set goals, specifically financially, they put a timeframe on top of the goal, and they're told that goals need to be deadlined and timeframed. You know, they hear about smart targets and all this corporate bullshit. This is fucking stupid. You can deadline projects or things you're working on, but you cannot deadline the outcomes of those projects or things you're working on. It's impossible to predict how long something is going to take, so don't bother. So what happens with a lot of people is they set their goal and they say, "Oh, I wanna make 10K a month," and then they put "by," and then they insert a month or a year, or they say, "In the next," and then they insert a cert- a period of months. This is really fucking stupid. So when you think about your goal, I will- do not... I want you to think about it isolated away from any sort of timeframe. We do not want to associate a time with this goal. Why? Well, if you do this and you put a timeframe against your goal, you're gonna do either of the following. Either you're gonna undershoot the timeframe, which means you're gonna think it's gonna take less time than it actually will, and this is- this is the most common thing. This is when someone with no previous experience is like, you know, "It's June now," and then they write down, "Yeah, I wanna make 10K a month by September." It's like, brother, like, you're undershooting the timeframe. Is that possible? Yeah. Is it likely? No. Right? Or they overshoot the timeframe, which- which means they think it's gonna take way longer than it will. Both of these are bad. Undershooting is bad and, you know, undershooting how much time you think it's gonna take is really bad, because when the time rolls around that you thought you would have achieved the goal and you haven't achieved it, you get discouraged and quit. Your primary sole job with this business and with this growth that you're going to experience is just don't quit. If you don't quit, you cannot lose. If you don't quit, you cannot fail. It's impossible to fail if you're still going. But the main cause of failure is quitting, and the main cause of quitting is people thinking that they would have achieved what they wanted to achieved faster than they did. And so if you say, "Oh, I wanna make 10K a month by September," then I can tell you right now that September's gonna roll around and it's very likely that you haven't achieved what you want yet. What this does is it discourages you. You then push it back and say, "Oh, I'm gonna have achieved it by December." And then you get to December and you still haven't achieved it for whatever reason. And what this does is it- it every time that happens, you lose faith in your- and trust in yourself, you lose faith and trust in the program and the information th- that has put you on this journey, and you quit and you get discouraged. Okay? A lot of people undershoot the timeframe because they don't want to be in pain. Putting a short-term timeframe on achieving your objective, it feels very immensely pleasurable. It feels very great because you're like, "Oh, I'm gonna get this done real quick," and, you know, it's like soldiers going to war being like, "Oh, we'll be home by Christmas." Like, it's cope, it's delusion, it's just a way to make the- the pain go away, right? Overshooting is bad because you might actually be able to achieve the goal faster. So if you overshoot the target, it means you- you say, "Oh, I wanna get 10K a month in the next five years," right? Well, it's probably gonna happen faster than that, um, because if you believe it's gonna take ages, then you're gonna delay your actions and procrastinate a lot so that your prediction can be right or accurate. So what happens to some people is they- they put this timeframe that's way too long, and then they start working against that timeframe. So if- if, uh, say right now you're starting from scratch and you wanna get to 10K a month and you say you're gonna do it by, um, in the next three years. You wanna do it b- in three years' time. Well, now you're gonna work really fucking slowly and you're not gonna try very hard because you've got three years to do it, which is quite a while to do it. Your goal is, in effect, a result of a ton of causes that you're putting into motion in this program. Now, between cause and effect, there is a gap of latency or delay. So if I do something, then it's gonna take me a while, at least in business, to see the effect of having done that thing. And some cause-to-effect relationships are instantaneous. So if you sit in the sun for too long, then you'll be burned by the end of the day. So the cause is sitting in the sun and the effect is being burned, and the delay between sitting in the sun for too long and being burned is almost instantaneous. But when it comes to money and financial effects in business, things take time, and you're gonna put causes into motion, like doing the mindset training, like setting your foundations, like picking your niche, like learning how to become an expert, like learning how to sell, and you're gonna do that. And it's gonna take you dis- like- like it's gonna take a- quite a while, you know, sometimes up to a year or two years before you really see the true effects of those things. Okay? So it's literally impossible to predict how much time your goal is going to take to achieve. So you need to remove the idea of, "I'll achieve it in the next six months," or, "I'll achieve it by June," or, "I'll achieve it by the time I graduate." You know, people do this in- they're in high school or college and they're like, "I'll be health- I'm gonna have my first five clients and I'm gonna have this by the time I graduate." It's like, well, you're wrong, because either you're overshooting it or you're undershooting it, and both are absolutely perilous to your journey. So don't do it.The question is why? Because this is- this challenges a lot of people in their understanding of goals. Isn't it a good idea to set a clear deadline and to rush to get this done as soon as possible? Like I know what you're thinking, like, "Oh, but Charlie, like surely if I have a goal, I wanna have, like, a target for when I hit that goal." It's like, well, that's what most people think, and as you can probably tell, most people aren't very good at achieving their goals. And a lot of people would say to me, "Isn't optimism and positive thinking supposed to be the secret of success?" Like isn't- aren't we supposed to think that we can do this in no time flat? Well, you know, if this is the question, here's the answer: Isn't optimism and positive thinking supposed to be the secret of success? No, you fucking idiot. And that's a quote from James Stockdale. Now, he didn't actually quote that. I thought it would just be somewhat satirical to pretend that he did, and you probably don't know who this guy is, so I'm going to explain who he is, and you- you're gonna like it. James Stockdale was a American pilot in the Vietnamese War, and he got his plane shot down just over, I think, west of Hanoi, um, the capital. Hanoi, the capital of Vietnam. And his plane gets shot down, and he's like, "Shit." Starts pa- and he has to pop his parachute, and, you know, he's parachuting down, and as he's parachuting down, fucking sick quote this, he says to himself, "I'm leaving the world of technology, and entering the world of Epictetus." Now, we don't have to figure out what that quote means because it's a little abstract, and it's not relevant to this training, but brownie points for those of you that know what that means. Now, what James Stockdale basically did is he lands on the floor and he's picked up by the Viet- the Vietnamese, um, soldiers, and I can tell you that the Vietnamese soldiers, they didn't really like the American soldiers, as most soldiers do not like other soldiers in war. And James Stockdale was held as a prisoner of war in a Vietnamese war camp outside of Hanoi. He was tortured maliciously. He was starved, um, he was beaten, he was put in leg locks for months on end. He was isolated from all social contact, and it was a pretty bad time for him and for anybody else, as I'm sure you can imagine. And all of that was summarized by a lesson that he learned. When he came back, he, he was released in the end, and he, he, he lived to tell the tale, um, whether you think that's a good thing or a bad thing is up to you, and, um, he came out with a, um, some, a book and some information about his experience, and he summarized his experience with this quote, "The optimists die first." And this is a really interesting idea because, you know, here's someone who has been in probably wha- what most people would deem hell on earth in one of the most hopeless situations that could be imagined by, uh, a human, right? You know, being held as a prisoner of war and tortured by the Vietnamese during the war, um, and he said, "The optimists die first." And this is an interesting idea 'cause it challenges society's current paradigm and belief systems about optimism and pessimism. And what does this mean? Because there's something called the Stockdale Paradox, which is basically named after James Stockdale. The Stockdale Paradox states that the optimists die first. It implies that having too much faith, confidence, or optimism in your ability to achieve a goal, or withstand suffering in his case, leads to a lack of achievement or death This is a paradox because most people think that you need to have extreme optimism and confidence and faith and belief to achieve your goals. So this is really paradoxical 'cause everyone talks about having self-belief, and we've talked about this in the mindset training. But Stockdale figured out this was otherwise the case, and basically, what, um, what happened is this also happened in Auschwitz as well with a guy called Viktor E. Frankl. So Viktor E. Frankl was a Jew, and he was put in one of the Ausch- in, in the Aus- I think it was Auschwitz or one of the concentration camps from the Nazis, um, in the, in the '40s. Bad time. Bad time to be a Jew, right? Not a good time to be a person of that religious faith, and as I'm sure you're aware, the conditions of Auschwitz were awful. And basically, Viktor E. Frankl saw the same phenomenon unfold as, as Stockdale. So there's these, you know, whether you're a soldier or a Jewish person or put in these situations, um, what Viktor E. Frankl found is that the people, the Jews in the concentration camps who had the highest levels of optimism, i.e., thought they were getting out soon, were the most likely to die, i.e., the optimists die first. So let me explain. So for James Stockdale's example, he observes lots of other soldiers, and what he found is the, the soldiers who thought they were going to be rescued soon were the soldiers that, um, gave up and quit and died. And in Auschwitz, Viktor E. Frankl found, and he wrote a book on this called Man's Search For Meaning, it's a great book, um, he found that the, the prisoners in the concentration camps who thought that they were gonna be liberated soon died They were the ones who died first. And what Viktor E. Frankl basically, um, if I summarize what he said, is it's kind of like optimism was the c- the main cause of death behind starvation, behind hydrat- behind hydration, behind, um, exhaustion. Optimism was the main cause of death, and that was basically because what would happen, imagine you're in Auschwitz or a prisoner of war camp, and you have hope and you have faith and you really, really want to get out of there. So you cope yourself into believing that you're going to be out in the next month or two. This is what a lot of people truly believe. Like, it's amazing where the brain goes and how, how heavily you'll try and comfort yourself to deal with this. It's like a short-term painkiller, right? And so, you know, anyone can, can make, um, anyone can maybe deal with the, the stress of a prisoner of war camp for a couple of days or a couple of weeks, and it won't be pleasant. It'll be horrible. It'll be the worst thing ever. But, you know, if you think you're getting out of there pretty soon, you can deal with that, right? And basically what happens is when you think you're gonna be rescued and when you think you're going to achieve what you want to achieve, i.e., get out, or, you know, in our case, achieve a goal quickly, then you die, because what happens is you don't get out quickly. And so if you're, if you're sent to Auschwitz and you think, "Right, I'll be out of here in a couple of months, it's all right, the USA are going to invade Germany, um, it's going to be liberated, war's going to be over in a couple, a couple of months anyway, it's fine, I'll just tank it out," right? That's what you think Well, a couple of months is going to roll around and you're still not liberatedAnd you're like, "Oh, shit. Okay. Well, it must just be a couple more weeks." And then a couple of weeks roll around, and you're still not liberated. And this is crushing because what starts to happen is you just lose your hope and you lose your faith. Why? Because you were too optimistic, not about being rescued but about the timeframe to which you were. So it's not about n- it's, uh, you need to have faith in the fact that you can be rescued, but not put a timeframe on it. And it's the same thing with business and goals and financial outcomes, right? Obviously, it's a bit of a stark contrast, but have faith in the fact and belief in the fact and hope in the fact that you will achieve your goal, but remove the timeframe. Because if you add a timeframe, you're gonna miss it, it's gonna discourage you, you're gonna quit. And quitting h- uh, w- the equivalent of quitting i- in these war scenarios is literal death. Like, V- Viktor E. Frankl says in Man's Search for Meaning that the, the people that, you know, thought they were gonna get out soon, like, they didn't and they just died because they lost faith. And the c- the loss of faith and the loss of hope was the cause for death, because the body just started shutting down, their minds just shut down. And Viktor Frankl said, "I knew when someone was going to die because they smoked their last cigarette." (laughs) And what that basically meant is, um, you know, sometimes the, the Jewish people were given cigarettes or, or maybe it was bread or something, but they were given something that would be, you know, um, conducive to some sort of instantaneous pleasure, right? And, you know, Viktor Frankl observed this, like, that the people that were about to give up and, you know, just lie over, roll over and die and just admit defeat were the ones who were like, "Right, well, we're not, clearly not being rescued," who just lose hope and lose faith. So all that to say, the optimists die first. Don't be a fucking idiot. Don't put a timeframe on your goal, okay? Pretty simple. So we've kind of just done all of this here. Um, you know, over-optimism, we don't wanna have over-optimism. Imperative to success, you release this time bias, you know, et cetera, et cetera. So, you know, you can- ... achieve what you want to achieve, and you can manifest this reality, but it's, it's not gonna happen as soon as you want, okay? Um, so yeah. Now a few expectations here, exceptions, with the right mentorship, yes, it's possible to speed up your goal. For example, having this program is gonna speed up your objectives. Having Easy Grow will speed up your objective tenfold. So, you know, like I took Empyrean from zero to $100K a month in 11 months, right? But my business partner and I had a collective 10 months of business experience, right? I scaled my first agency from zero to $10K a month in six months, but prior to starting, I had six months of cold calling experience, I'd read 100 books on sales and digital marketing, and I'd also sor- sought out some multi-seven-figure mentors who helped me. So like, my point here is, when you look at my success and how rapidly I rose to the success and the heights that I did, like I went from zero to a mil a month in like three, four years. Un-fucking-unheard of. But it's only because I had done so much legwork before. So, all of this to say, remove the timeframe. Don't expect that it's gonna take a certain amount of time, because you will just quit. I'm not trying to discourage you, I'm just trying to ground you in the reality that basically will happen when you don't get discouraged. So you don't get discouraged, right? There's a big difference between how long something is going to take and how long you want it to take. The solution is that you need to act every day and attack the day with as much fury as you can, as if you're trying to hit the goal tomorrow, but with the patience and understanding it might take years to unfold. So the, the way that I handle timeframes and goals is I will do as much as I can today as if I'm trying to achieve my goal tomorrow. So I'm impatient in the day, but patient in the year. And what that means is like every day for me, I'm like desperately clawing, like working as much as I can to try and achieve my goal, but when tomorrow rolls around, I'm not surprised that I haven't hit it yet, if that makes sense. And here's a solution from a page that I ripped out of a book 10 years ago (laughs), and I've kept this in my wallet for 10 years. Um, 10 years ago, I was 16, 17, and I read a book called The Science of Getting Rich by Wallace D. Wattles. And I read this page, and I've transcribed it here. And I ripped it out, as you can see, and I circled a bunch of stuff, and this kind of summarizes this whole idea of do as much as you can today, um, and the secret to becoming successful is just as much as you can today without the expectation that you're gonna get everything you want tomorrow, right? So this is my wallet. It's literally in my wallet in my safe in my house, and I was making this module and I thought, "Oh, I'll just go and dig that old chestnut out." And yeah, you can see it's a bit beat up, but ... If there is something that may be done today and you do not do it, you have failed insofar as that thing is concerned, and the consequences may be more disastrous than you can imagine. You cannot foresee the results of even the most trivial act. You do not know the workings of all the forces that have been set moving on your behalf. Much may be depending on your doing some simple act. It may be the very thing which is to open the door of opportunity to very great possibilities. You can never know with all the combinations with s- with which supreme intelligence is making for you in the world of things and of things and of human affairs. Your neglect or failure to do some small thing may cause a long delay in getting what you want. Do every day all that can be done that day. There is, however, a limitation or qualification to the above that you must take into account. You are not to overwork nor rush blindly into your business in the effort that you do the greatest possible number of things in the shortest possible time. If you are not, you are not to do tomorrow's work today, nor a week's work in one day. It is really not the number of things you do, but the efficient action of each separate action that counts. Every act in itself is a success or a failure. Every act in itself is either ineffective or inefficient. Sorry, effective or inefficient. Every inefficient act is a failure, and if you spend your life doing inefficient acts, then your whole life will be a failure. The more things you do, the worse... Sorry. The more things you do, the worse for you if all your acts are inefficient ones. On the other hand, every efficient act is a success itself, and if every act of your life is an efficient one, then your whole life must be a success. The cause of failure is doing too many things in an inefficient manner and not doing enough things in an efficient manner. You will see self-evident proposition... You will see a self-evident proposition that if you do not do any inefficient acts and if you do a sufficient number of efficient acts, you will become rich. If now it is possible for you to make each act an efficient one, you see again that the getting of riches is reduced to an exact science like mathematics. The matter turns on to the questions of whether you can make each separate act a success itself, and certainly... and this certainly you can do. Do all today... Do all you can today, for you cannot foresee the long-term, time-based effects of doing so. So, basically what this means, and I think I might be zoomed in here. Sorry about that, guys. I've been zoomed in this whole video. Doesn't matter. Um, what the point of this little document is, is be patient. So, you know, this, this whole idea here, there's a limitation. You don't wanna do tomorrow's work today. This is the whole rest thing, right? Not being overly disciplined, not doing too much, etc., etc. But yeah, I, what I suggest you do is maybe just go back in the video a little bit and just listen to that passage again, because I've read this thing hundreds of times and it takes a minute or two to properly understand what it actually means, but I felt like it was relevant to be here, um, at the end of the mindset training, for this, this page has had a pretty big impact on my life over the last 10 years, okay So reverse engineered plan. So in order to achieve your goal, we need to plan. This program gives you everything you need, but we need to break down your actions into a nice and neat, tidy, easy-to-follow, step-by-step list for you to execute on. Success is never gonna be this simple, it's never gonna be this linear, easy thing, but we can get as close to pure simplicity as possible. So first of all, you should be tracking all of your progress with the Imperium Academy Roadmap checklist that I produced for you in week one. So at this point, you've understood your fundamentals, picked a niche, conducted research, or you're probably still doing this. You're building your avatar, you've found a problem, you validated a problem. You might not have done these things yet, right? But you're, you're working on it. Um, you've created an offerYou've done your basic company setup, and now you've fixed your mindset. So you might have- you know- you- probably what was funny is when you saw the whole fixed mindset thing in week one, you were like, "I don't need to fix my mindset," but now you realize, "Oh, shit. I do." Um, and so, you know, we're now going to move on to becoming an expert, learning sales, writing a script, getting appointment booking systems and such, and obviously, all the way through to the end. And basically, this is as simple as the plan gets. These are the major action items that you need to complete efficiently and effectively to achieve your objective, but we can take this one step further, because what we can actually start doing is reverse engineering your goal. Now, this is something that we talk a little bit more about in EasyGrow, and this is quite a, um, advanced, high-level business strategy that we're gonna touch briefly on here, um, but this is- this is pretty cool. The best place to start when it comes to trying to achieve your goal is at the end. We can invert your goal, i.e. flip it on its head, to see the exact daily inputs required to achieve it. This will make things 10 times clearer and make the achievement of your goal seem way more possible, reasonable, and straightforward, obviously, thus leading to you working harder and longer. So I've got this little document for you here, um, where we can reverse engineer your goal and what we can do with this- with this little resource here is basically understand exactly what you need to do in the day to make this goal happen, because business is numbers. It's a collection of numbers, right? And so if you think about what you want, you might wanna make $10K a month, right? Or you might want to make $5K a month or $50K a month. That's a number, and that- that means that that number is comprised of other numbers, and all you have to do is figure out how to do the numbers. So we're gonna- this is gonna blow you away. You're gonna love this. Right, so make a copy of this document. I want you to do it right now. It's an action item to do with me on the screen here and let's get into it. So, what I want you to do is define your goal, so state it below. So it could be like $10K a month, right? Then you state the value of your client based on your pricing. Now you won't know this exactly, to be sure, just yet, unless you've already been in business for a while, um, but if you want to charge, you know, $3K for a coaching client, then your- your value is gonna be $3K. If you're doing a service and you want to charge $1000 a month and you want to keep your clients for three, four months, then your value of a client is $3-$4K. Your value of a client could be $10K, it could be $20K, it could be $2K, it could be $3K, it could be $8K, whatever, right? But try and just write a rough average here. Then you want to state your sales metrics. So your sales conversion rate, your good fit rate, and your show rate. Now, you won't know any of these unless you've been doing sales before, so for now you can just use 15%, 70%, and 70%. If you use the EasyGrow systems, um, your- your show rate and good fit rate will be, um, in the higher percentiles, and your sales conversion rate, if you use the EasyGrow sales training, which is far more advanced, will be likely to be like 25, 30, 40%, but we're being pessimistic with the systems we've got here, okay? So your conversion rate will be 15%, GFR and SUR is 70%. Now, this- none of this will mean anything to you at the moment. Show-up rate is how many people show up for the call that they book. So, when you come to acquire clients, you need to conduct sales calls, and you need to spend an hour on the phone with people, trying to convince them to buy your stuff. And, you know, what's gonna happen is you're gonna schedule a call with people and sometimes they're not gonna show up to that call. So if you book 100 calls and 70 people show up to the call, then you have a show-up rate of 70%. Your good fit rate, or your GFR, is the percentage chance of your prospects being a good fit that you can pitch. So let's say that 100 people show up to your calls. Maybe only 50 of them actually resemble a fit for your product in terms of being in your niche or being qualified to purchase, and your sales conversion rate is what is the percentage chance of the prospect actually closing. So what's- how- what's your conversion rate? So if you- if you conduct 100 calls and you close 23 of them, then your conversion rate on your sales process is 23%. So you can put these in here I told you this is a bit advanced. You know, these are terms you're not gonna be familiar with yet because we haven't even gotten into the acquisition game, and, um, really, EasyGrow is the- the place that you're gonna go to do that anyway eventually, but I'm just giving you a little taster. Now the systems in EasyGrow can give you much higher, um, SERs, GFRs, and SURs, um, whatever, right? Now the next thing to do is state your appointment booking metrics. Um, once again, like th- this is- I- I know that this is gonna seem like, "What the fuck? I don't know what an appointment booking metric is," because well, you haven't been through EasyGrow and you haven't learned client acquisition yet, so that's fine, but just bear with me. Um, so what you want to do is list your appointment booking systems below, and if you don't have this, you can just wait till you do and then come back to do this, okay? So, for example, system name could be like cold email, and, you know, your, um, conversion rate could be like 1%. So, what this would mean is maybe you're using cold email to book appointments. So an appointment, remember, is a sales conversation. It's someone in your niche that you've reached out to, or who has reached out to you, agreeing to have a call with you to discuss your product to potentially buy it. That's an appointment, okay? And to get appointments, you have to use different systems. So for example, you can use cold email, you can use cold calling, you can use cold DMs, you can use content, you can use ads, you can use referrals. There's a lot of ways to get appointments and they're all explained in [singing] EasyGrow, right? Um, but you have something called an appointment booking rate, which means that if you spoke to 100 people using this method, what percentage of them would book? So for example, in EasyGrow, we have a system called the Terminator Loom System, and if you sent 100 emails via Terminator Looms, you might book 15 appointments, right? Which would be a 15% appointment booking rate. So once you've done this, what we can do is we can reverse engineer the numbers. So, once again, this is a little bit more advanced. This is- this is kind of like multi six, seven-figure business shit, okay? And I'm just giving you a taste here of- of what it's like to be at the upper echelon of business knowledge. But what you can do is you can reverse engineer the numbers. So you take your dollar goal, which is how much money you want to make, and you divide that by your client value, which gives you how many clients you need to sign to achieve that goalSo if your goal is to make a 100K and each client is worth 10K, then would you- would you know that you- you need 10 clients. Then what you do is you divide your clients required by your sales conversion rate to get how many good fit calls you need, and then you do the same thing by your GFR, SUR, and ABR. And basically wha- what you can do is if you use this equation properly, is you can basically take outreach volume required, which is how much outreach you'd need to do, and divide that by how many days you have to achieve your goal to get your daily activity. So, instead of giving you abstractions, let me give you an example. So, I know that I said you shouldn't put time frames on goals, but for the sake of this exercise, you kind of have to, right? So this is more of a pragmatic thing. It's- it's not set in stone. But let's say that you want to make 240K in 12 months, okay? Once again, we're not getting attached to the 12 months, we're just using this to understand how many daily actions we'd need to take over the course of 12 months to make this money, right? It's a practical thing. So let's say you want to make 240K in 12 months, in the next 12 months. Let's say your client value is $6,000. Your sales conversion rate is 20%. Your good fit rate is 80%. Your SHARP rate is 82.5%, and your appointment booking rate is 2.5% on cold rooms, for example. So, what this basically means, this is really simple, okay? So if you take 240K, which is how much you want to make, and you divide it by 6K, which is your average client value, then that means that in the next 12 months, you need to get 40 clients, because 40 times 6 is 240. And this is interesting because, well, how do we get clients? Well, we have to close them. So, what you would do is you would take 40, which is how many clients you need, and divide it by naught .20, which is 20%, and that shows you how many good fit calls you'd need, because your conversion rate on sales calls is 20%. So what four- what is twen- what is, um, 40 20% of? Well, 200, which means that in order for you to make 240K, you need 40 clients, and to get 40 clients, you need 200 good fit calls on your- that you've spoken to. But then we have to account for your show rate, as in how many people show up. So our show rate is, um... Yeah, let me just do this. Yeah, sorry, your good fit rate. So we need good fit calls, 250 of those, then we take that 250 and divide it by naught .825, which is our show rate, and we get 303 bookings. So basically what this means is in order for us to get 40 clients, we need 200 good fit calls. In order for us to get 200 good fit calls, we need 250 show ups, because our good fit rate is 80%, right? And 80%, um, of 250 is 200. And then in order for us to get these show ups, we need 303 bookings. And in order for us to get these bookings, we need to send 12,120 emails, because if we need 303 bookings and our appointment booking rate is 2.5%, then we need to find out what is this number naught .25% of? Or sorry, n- um, 2.5% of. And so what this basically looks like is this. We have 12 months, which is 365 days. We take weekends off for whatever reason, and we take 14 days off for Christmas, which means that over the course of the next 12 months, you'd have 247 days to achieve your goal. And so if we take the amount of emails required to book this amount of calls, to get this amount of show ups, to get this amount of good fit calls, to get this amount of clients to make this money, we would need to send 49 emails per day, because we have to send 12,120 emails to get the bookings, to get the shows, to get the good fit calls, to get the clients. And so if we take this amount of emails and divide it by how many days we have, then we get 49. And what that means is that with these metrics here, all you have to do is send 49 cold emails per day and you'll make 240K in one year. This is business. Business is a collection of numbers. The- these goals you've got, these financial goals, they're just a collection of conversion rates. And if you know how to get these conversion rates up, which is what we teach you in Easy Grow, right, with sales conversion rates and good- good fit rates and show rates and appointment booking rates, if you can get those things nice and high, which is no, which is quite a challenge on your own, it's tough to do that on your own if you haven't got the knowledge, um, then all you've got to do is just do the work. And really for this person with these metrics, literally all they have to do is send 49 emails a day. That's like, you know, that's, let's say they're working like, fuck, I mean, even if they worked five hours a day, all they've got to do is send 10 emails an hour and then do the sales calls and then bang, they're at 240K. Obviously there's a little bit more to it than that, but this is the simplicity of it. That's how it works. So what you can do is you can, you can do it yourself, okay? Um, you can make a copy of this, um, which you should have already done. You want to be pessimistic with your numbers, so you take the amount of money you want to make, you divide it by the average value of your client to figure out how many clients you need. You then divide how many clients you need by your good fit rate, which should be like, you know, 80%. Then you divide that by your show rate, which should once again be like 60, 70%. Then you divide that number by the amount of booking, by the, um, by the conversion rate, right, that we've got here, the, um, the SHARP rate. So we get the amount of bookings you need and then we take that number and we divide it by your conversion rate on your outbound, which is, could be cold emails, cold calls, cold links. Now, once again, this is gonna seem a little confusing to you because you're like, "What the fuck? I haven't even done any of this yet," and like that's fine. Like this, this won't make as much sense to you now as it will once you've been through, um, later modules and Easy Grow as well. Um, but the point I'm making here is this might not make total sense now, but what you can do is you can reduce your goal down to a simple daily action. Okay? Won't seem like it makes much sense now, but you can come and revisit this once you've been through the late- later modules and you'll be like, "Oh shit." And then all you have to do is just do that little action every day with that level of volume for that timeframe and before you know it, bang, you've made the money. Okay? So that's just reverse engineering the goal. Once again, I know it's a little, (laughs) little advanced, little bit of a like, "What the fuck, Charlie? That doesn't make any sense right now." That's fine. Just bear with me and, um, as you go through everything else, you'll be, it'll become clear. Okay? But some of you will be able to figure it out pretty quickly. I'm sure you can. Okay? So, let's quickly recap belief systems, 'cause what we're about to do is I'm gonna shake your world. I'm gonna give you a little exercise and a little idea that you can start doing every single day to completely rewire your brain and change your belief systems forever. But to do that, I need you to make sure that you remember what we talked about. So I know we've already covered these, but it's crucially important before we get into the next part of the video, because the next part of this video, at the end of this mindset training, is the most important part of the mindset training. Like, what we're about to round this off with is the most important part. So you'll remember, we have these nice little summaries from achieving omniscience and subjugating reality. So we're gonna run through them. And before you roll your eyes and skip forward and be annoyed, 'cause we've talked about this a lot, you cannot repeat this stuff enough. All right? You need to remember it. So, as we remember, reality is the sum of everything that exists, and it exists in two forms, the objective and the subjective. Reality is made up of components which are broken into the intangible and tangible. Humans observe reality using their five senses and their imagination, and they do that over three dimensions of time, past reality, present, and future. Because reality has two forms, intangible and tangible, and three time frames, there are six dimensions of reality, being the tangible past, tangible present, and tangible future, and the intangible past, intangible present, and intangible future. When someone observes any of these six dimensions using their senses or their imagination, an experience is created, and all experiences are subjective. These are, these observations or these experiences are made through a paradigm, which is basically- ... be broken into your worldview and your identity. Your worldview and identity are basically just a collection of your belief systems, and there are three types of belief: knowledge, judgment, and self-image. Okay? So your worldview is a collection of your knowledge and judgment beliefs, and your identity is the aggregate of all of your self-image beliefs and what you belie- believe to be true about yourself. To form an identity around something, you must first judge it, and to judge it, you must first know it exists. So typically, when we make an observation, there is a linear chain of hierarchy of beliefs where we look at something, we know it exists, and therefore we form a knowledge-based belief that it's there, then we judge it, then we identify with it in some way. Here's what your paradigm looks like. Beliefs form through experiences. When you experience something, you create beliefs about that experience, obviously. Everyone has a paradigm, and it's different for every single person. No two paradigms are the same. Your reality can be laddered down or up by the following chain of logic. So your subjective life or reality is the product of your actions, and your actions are the product of your decisions. Your decisions are the product of your perceived options. Your perceived options are the product of your thoughts. Your thoughts come from or are biased by your paradigm. Your paradigm comes from your beliefs, and your beliefs come from your experiences, which means that your reality comes from your experiences. Your thoughts come from your paradigm in the same way that a star would emit energy. Experiences shape your beliefs and take three forms, either an initial experience, i.e. the first experience of something, so we're forming something from the beginning, or they confirm or deny what we believe to be true in the current moment. Every single belief you hold came from an initial experience and was likely confirmed by confirming experiences. Now, beliefs bias you. Your perception of future experiences and events in your life are biased by them, and that means that you can have these key cornerstone beliefs about certain components of reality that will sort of fractal- fractalize into, you know, all the other components of life. So if you fundamentally believe money is great, then all the other things that you observe in reality associated with money are going to be filtered through that paradigm, and your paradigm will unfold in that way. Your subjective reality is the sum of your experiences. In the same way that a movie is a collection of a lot of frames, a movie doesn't, doesn't move, it's just like a bunch of pictures strung together in, in a really, really, really, really high frame rate, and a novel is a collection of letters, your life is a collection of experiences. Your reality is a very high, very, very fucking high frame rate movie that is just playing one experience after the other, just like this. Now, your paradigm is preloaded with two biases or two sources of bias, your psychological and genetic biases. Initial experiences start the formation of belief, and they come from your environment. So in order for us to have an experience, the experience either comes from our physical environment or our imaginary environment. Your imaginary environment, or experiences rather, are the product of the synthesis of physical ones. Experiences form beliefs, which form your subjective reality, and the way we create imaginary experiences is by first referencing against our physical experiences in the first place. And so your beliefs or your subjective reality or your worldview or paradigm is produced by you, and you receive experiences from the physical environment or the imaginary environment, but the imagination cannot happen without first having observed it in the physical. Beliefs can be seen as a scale of true or false, and they're not binary. It's not true or false. It's either how true or how false, but not how true or how false, it's how much do you believe it to be true or how false do you believe it to be true? They have strength or weakness on a scale of intensity. Confirming experiences make beliefs stronger, and denying experiences make beliefs weaker. After an initial experience, every experience either confirms or denies the belief you have. Experiences are like rocks that we stack on the scales every time we have one. So, you know, if you believe something to be true and you s- you receive an experience that confirms that, then you're going to stack a rock in that scale and confirm the truth and believe it with more intensity. Some experiences are stronger than others, and the more emotional an experience, the stronger it is and the bigger the rock. All beliefs exist parallel to their opposite and are paired accordingly. So we have pairs of beliefs. So if you believe money is really hard to make, then you will not believe that money is really easy to make. And every time you have a confirming experience on this side, you have a denying experience on the other. It's impossible to confirm a belief without denying the opposite, and it's impossible to deny an existing belief without confirming the opposite thing. Beliefs feed back on themselves by creating confirming experiences. So when you believe something to be true, you start to confirm it by having other, having new experiences that reinforce it. And this is called a positive feedback loop or amplification, where you have a belief, like money is really hard to make, and then you act that belief out, and because of your action, you create a new experience. And that's kind of how this whole thing goes. It's like, "Oh, I don't th- I think money's hard to make, so I'm just gonna, like, moan about it a lot and, like, not try, and so I'm gonna have an experience that I have no money, which must mean that money's hard to make," and it feeds back. Now, beliefs have utility because they provide efficiency to the brain. Remember, the reason beliefs exist in the first place is because your brain's not that big, you know, in contrast to the amount of information it stores. The brain craves efficiency. So beliefs basically bundle up experiences and they stop us from having to remember everything. Everyone has firm beliefs but no idea where they come from because they simply forgot. And so over time, your memory of how your belief formed wanes away, but the effect of you believing that belief becomes exponentially drastic. Beliefs are how we map reality. So, you know, you can imagine that life is a big journey from A to Z, and the way that you make this journey is by using your belief systems to make your decisions on what actions or turns to take. Right now, you're alive, which means that your beliefs give you survival, and this is all the brain cares about at a base level, so you continue to act out your beliefs without even thinking about it because your brain knows that you're safe. Your paradigm can be mapped like this. So if you wanted to, you could probably take, or you could take every single belief system you have about everything in the world and put it into a nice, neat little Venn diagram below. You could sort those beliefs according to knowledge, judgments, and self-image, and then you could basically see your entire paradigm, which is just a massive collection of belief systems. And this is basically your subjective reality. Reality is what you believe it to be. It is as simple as that, and that is how reality manifests to you, and you can observe it like this diagram.Your paradigm exists on many levels. We have the macro and the micro paradigm. Certain components of reality have more beliefs and take up more space. So if you're obsessed with one specific component of reality, then you will have more belief systems associated with that thing, which means that you'll be biased to see the world through that lens. In the way that I've explained below, if someone spent a lot of time studying Socrates in ancient Greece, and they spent, like, three years studying Socrates, then that means they will have what we would call a Socratic lens. In the same way that if someone spent, you know, th- 30 years as a, as a football journalist, and that was their career, then they're gonna have more beliefs about football and journalism than anything else on the planet, which means they will naturally see the world through a football journalism lens. These components of reality dominate the paradigm of the individual. This all depends on what experiences you've had and what you've studied. So if you've been a drug addict for five years and you're only 25, then that means that 20% of your life hi- you've been obsessed with these things, and all of your paradigm and beliefs are gonna be taken up by drugs, and your experiences with drugs and your belief system, and how that works will be basically biased through drugs. And you'll see the world as a drug addict, right? And your self-image and your judgments and your knowledge will all be because of drugs. And you'll, you'll basically... Every time you have a new experience, it will be filtered through this paradigm and this lens, which will usually create new experiences, which can be quite dangerous. Some beliefs are right and some beliefs are wrong, depending on alignment. So if a belief is wrong, then it means it's not aligned with reality. But there's two types of alignment, okay? We have factual alignment, which is when what you believe is actually in alignment with the indisputable truth. And we have goal alignment, which is when what you believe is in alignment with what you want to achieve. So if you want to become rich and become successful, and you fundamentally believe that making money is hard, then that belief is wrong as far as goal alignment goes, okay? Now in factual alignment, if I believed that, um, Barack Obama was still the US president, then I would be wrong because Trump is the current US president, right? And so I would be out of factual alignment, in the same way that if I thought that the Earth was flat, then I would be out of factual alignment. That's my belief, by the way, in case you're wondering about the state of the spherical nature of the Earth. You might disagree. See overleaf for diagrams on alignment. So, you know, we have this gap between our subjective and objective knowledge. So when it comes to factual alignment, we want to be right as often as possible, which means that what we observe is actually objectively there. And then we also have our goal alignment. So we want factual alignment because we want to be able to make decisions in alignment with the objective true nature of the world, because if I tell you that that chicken breast is moldy, and you say, "No, it's not," and the chicken breast is moldy, then you're going to eat that chicken breast, and you're gonna get food poisoning because your belief about the moldiness of that chicken breast was not in alignment with the true objective nature of the chicken breast, (laughs) right? As an example. But then we also have fa- um, goal alignment here, where you have your current judgment beliefs and your current self-image beliefs, and then you have your goal. And your goal reality has conditional judgment beliefs and conditional self-image beliefs, which means, hey, if I believe these self-image things and if I believe these judgment things, then I would, I would basically start acting out actions that would help me achieve my goal. And so what you want to do is you want to look at your current judgment beliefs and your current self-image beliefs and start trying to line those up with what you would need to believe to be true to start acting out the, uh, acting things out and orienting yourself in the world as if your, as if your goal was gonna be real. So if, if you need to believe that making money is easy, and right now you believe making money is hard, well, if you start believing making money is easy, then you'll start acting that out and, before you know it, making money will actually be easy, okay? And there's obviously some latency between these two things aligning. So when you, when you s- What will start happening is there's this weird delusion period where you're gonna basically believe a lie. So you're gonna start telling yourself, "Making money is easy," and you're gonna start to believe it, but it won't be easy for a bit because, you know, your actions have to catch up. And there's latency, there's lag behind believing something to be true and that thing coming true, okay? So you have to sit in this weird state of delusion for a while in order for your current reality to match up with your goal reality because there is latency and delay between cause and effect. So if you start believing now that it's possible to be successful, and you start acting that out, you start working really hard, you start believing in yourself, you start trying really hard, or you start not... You shouldn't believe in yourself. You should believe in your becoming self, right? But you start doing all these things, it might take you a few months before you start getting a client or before you start making money, and you have to be in this state of delusion for a while before your current reality starts to line up with your goal reality because there is latency and delay between cause and effect. So remember, imaginary experiences carry the same weight in our brains as sensory ones. So the key to this whole thing is your experiences. The, the whole nexus of this mindset module is all about belief systems and how your identity forms and how your paradigm forms and how your actions... The main, the main point of this mindset training is for me to get you to act properly. It's for me to get you to actually do the fucking work. That is the only reason I've put six months of my life into these last seven or eight videos, is to get you to do the work. But you won't do the work if you don't believe it's worth doing or you don't believe you can. And you won't believe you can and you won't believe it's worth doing if you don't have experiences that solidify that. And so the whole core idea to this mindset training is getting you to do the work, but in order for you to do that, you have to have experiences that you can form beliefs around first, okay? And I'll explain this. So remember, you can, you can have experiences using your five senses. So, you know, if you see someone crossing the road, then you've experienced someone crossing the road. If you hear a new Drake song, then you've experienced that new Drake song, and you'll form, you'll form your opinion on it, right, and your belief systems around it. If you eat a pizza, then you've experienced that pizza. But in conjunction with our five sensesWe also have our imagination. And our imagination is our memory and our ability to shut our eyes and visualize things, right? And this is pretty cool, because you can also form experiences in your imagination. And your brain fundamentally cannot tell the difference between an imaginary experience and a sensory one. So there's so much proof that this happens in psychology, whether it's the placebo effect, the hot rod experiment, there's so many examples of this where, I can give you an example. Um, a while ago, a bunch of scientists, they took a man into a room and, um, they made him take his top off. Well, they asked him to take his top off. It, it was- I'm pretty sure it was a voluntary experiment. And what they did is they said to this guy, "Hey, okay, so look at this." And they had this really, like, hot iron, like, rod, like this branding thing, this hot iron rod. Boiling hot, just come out of a big fire. You could see it, like, glowing. And they said, "What we're gonna do is we're gonna turn around, we're gonna, we're gonna p- put this close to your back." And he was like, "Okay." And they were like, "We're not actually gonna poke you with it. We just wanna see if you can feel it, like from afar." And so the scientists, they kind of get close and close and close and close and close, and they're like, "Can you feel it? Can you feel it?" And the guy's like, "Yep, I can feel it." And they're like, "Okay, no worries." And then what the scientists do, in a state of what might be considered unethicalness, is they quickly switch out the hot rod and they get an ice cube and they press it against the guy's back. And so this guy has had an ice cube pressed against his back, but he is genuinely convinced in his imagination that he has just had a boiling hot metal rod pressed against the small of his back. And he reacts accordingly. He screams, he riffs, and then what's interesting is his skin blisters. His body reacts as if he's actually being burned, which is insane. And there's an a- there's actually, like, science on this, like, it's th- the dude genuinely thinks he's been, been burned and so does his body. And, um, maybe not as bad as if it had actually happened, right? But needless to say, imaginary experiences are very, very, very effective. And, you know, a lot of people have this as well, where they have, like, dreams that become incredibly, um, uh, consequential in their life. And there's countless examples of the placebo effect, where people take pills and they don't think it's, they, they don't, they, they don't know the, they don't know that the pills aren't real, but they still go on to, you know, um, fix the problem, whatever, right? So your imagination's OP, and you can basically create experiences using your imagination, and we also use our memory as well. So when, uh, when you have an experience when you're younger, um, that experience will inform your belief systems, but you can reinforce that belief system by remembering the same thing over and over again. And so one thing that I did when I was younger, um, is I went to school, and I was really bad at drawing. And my teacher told me in front of the whole class that I was bad at drawing and that my sister was better. And it was really embarrassing, and I replayed that over and over and over again. And now, lo and behold, I can't draw. That's my belief system. I believe I cannot draw, right? It's hilarious. And the only reason that is true is because of, not of, not because of one single one-off little experience that happened all that time ago, but it's because I continuously replayed it in my mind over and over again. And you can use this to your advantage. So when you have something good happen to you that, you know, would allow you to reinforce a new belief system to do with money or finance or business success, you can start to recall it and remember it And so what I used to do is if I had a good sales call, I would recall that close, I would listen back to it, and I would replay it, and I would constantly replay that experience in my mind using my imagination, and it's pretty cool. So you can have experiences in your mind either by remembering and recreating what you already experienced or by literally just dreaming up a brand-new scenario, and you can force that to register on an emotional level as if it happened in real life. If you don't believe me, go and watch a scary movie or close, uh, you know, fucking go into a, wait till it's nighttime in, in your house, and just dangle your arm over the edge of your bed and just see what your brain does. Or, you know, put your, open up a door, like, in a really dark alleyway somewhere that you can't see anything, like a really dark basement room, and just stick your hand, stick your whole arm in there, and just see what your brain starts to do and how freaked out you get and scared you get. Like, you know, uh, you've, you've had nightmares before, and you wake up and you're in a cold sweat and your body's, heart's beating, you're in fight or flight, you're terrified as if it was real. Imaginary experiences can have just as much weight, um, on your belief systems and can register just as well as physical proper ones, okay? So, yeah, we've got these examples here. "It doesn't matter what is true, only what you believe is true, because with work, that will become true." So here's a little quote and graph from my mentor, Sam, again. "It doesn't matter what is true, only what you believe is true, because with work, that will become true." So basically, you know, you have a belief about who you're becoming, and what will happen is if you really believe that, you'll start acting it out, and you'll start taking action in accordance with that belief, and then that will confirm your new becoming self, and you'll start experiencing a new reality And what will happen is that new reality will basically give you feedback to adjust your beliefs and actions accordingly and reinforce the belief. And so you can intervene here by changing your thoughts and beliefs by recreating or by dreaming up imaginary scenarios that reinforce positive belief systems. And you might remember this from oscillating through life cycles, where, you know, the reason we're changing our beliefs is to change our behavior, our actions and decisions. You might feel like you're lying to yourself at the start, and that's totally normal. So I'm gonna show you how to expe- create these experiences, and I'm gonna basically show you how to delude yourself. And it's gonna feel weird because you feel like you're lying, but it's normal, because what will happen with time is you'll start acting out the lies, and they'll start to become the truth. So a lie becomes the truth if it's acted out. When it comes to this stuff, perception is truly reality. And you basically delude yourself into becoming successful. You know, girls use this phrase that delulu is the solulu. (laughs) And I don't think that has as much merit as they might credit, but they're along the right lines, bless 'em. What came first, the chicken or the egg? Well, I can't tell you that, but what comes first, the belief or the behavior? Well, it's the belief, 'cause you will not behave in a way that is incongruent with your belief systems. So here's how it goes. This is what we're gonna do. You tell yourself a blatant lie, like, "I believe I'm a millionaire. I find it easy to make money," and then you believe something could happen. Like, maybe it's actually possible to do that. Maybe? And then you start behaving like it could happen, like, "I'll start watching courses and working," and then what will happen is, because you behaved like it could, it does. You're like, "Shit, I'm making money." So, like, here's the thing, right? Fundamentally, you believe this is possible, because if you didn't believe this is possible, you wouldn't bother. There's a lot of people, I can tell you right now, there's a lot of people that started this course that have already quit before they got to this point, because fundamentally, they believe that it's not possible and that they're never gonna make it. But you did. You're still here, which means that you're acting that belief out. You don't do things, you don't make decisions and perform physical actions, you don't exert calorific physical potential without the premise that it's true. You won't do anything if you don't believe that that thing is worth doing, and you won't do anything if you don't believe that it's the right thing to do. You won't, okay? And I'm talking about that in alignment with your self-image and your judgment-based beliefs. So if, if, if fundamentally you believe that it's impossible to make money online and that you're never gonna make it and that is ... truly what you believe, then y- you wouldn't be watching these videos, because you- you're acting out the complete opposite, right? So part of you, a little bit of you believes, at least, which is good. And these are belief feedback loops again. So your beliefs are gonna feed back on reality and start reinforcing themself with synchronicity and confirmation bias. So synchronicity is a pretty cool idea developed by Carl Jung. So if you ever started looking at something before, only to see it everywhere, so you know, like, let's say, for example, you- you look at buying a Tesla, and then suddenly you start seeing Teslas everywhere. Right? Beforehand, you- you never really noticed Teslas. And then one day you're like, "Oh, I fancy buying a Tesla." And then suddenly, bang, they're like everywhere. You see them every time you go out. Or maybe you discover a new word and it starts appearing in books or movies and something else every single day. Or maybe you discover like a new name or a new actress or actor, and you start seeing them everywhere. This is called synchronicity. It's basically where you have a heightened sense of awareness for a certain component of reality. And when you do that, when you start heightening your awareness of a certain thing, you draw more experiences closer to you to do with that thing. Because this is the interesting thing is there's no, it's no different. There's the same amount of Teslas are driving by you every day, you just start to notice them more, because you're aware. This will work in your favor. As you start making money and making progress, you will become synchronous with your reality, and success will start showing up more and more. You only need to get a little sliver of success for it to start appearing up over and over again, in the same way that you only need to see a Tesla once to start seeing them all the time. Confirmation bias is where you seek to confirm what you already believe to be true. Often, all you need to do is trigger the new belief gently, and it will start flywheeling out of control as per the feedback loop above. So this is confirmation bias. Who am I becoming? I'm becoming this person, so I'm gonna act that out, and that's gonna happen, which means I'm c- confirming my identity. If you look at anyone in life, you look at their religious or political beliefs, or any sort of beliefs, they're far less concerned with whether or not the belief is true, accurate, or lines up with their goal, but they're just more concerned with proving it right and defending it. So confirmation bias or inconsistency avoidance tendency or commitment consistency bias is this idea that you want to confirm what you believe to be true. And you confirm it through your actions and through your speech and through who you hang out with and all these things. Now, the most important belief to develop is the meta-belief. To use the synchronicity and confirmation bias example, meta-belief. Your meta-belief is your belief about beliefs. This is a really interesting idea, because do you fundamentally buy and believe this mindset training? Do you believe that you can change? Do you believe that your current identity is malleable and that you can actually shift and adjust your- your mind? This is crucial to work on, because what happens with a lot of people is they try and do this mindset stuff, but they fundamentally don't believe that it's gonna work, and they don't believe that they can change, and they don't- they don't buy it. And then what happens is, like, they stop doing the mindset thing, which means they stop creating new experiences, and then, bang, before they know it, they're in the bin. So now that we've got all of that out of the way, I'm excited to talk to you about this thing, because fucking hell, this is scary. Like, let me get into this. You're gonna love it. Forging experiences. As you should now understand, the secret to having your reality align with your goal reality is your beliefs, which are a product of your experiences. A lot of people suffer because they don't have the right experiences and therefore form the wrong beliefs. So if you've grown up poor and broke and in a family that doesn't have much money and you've never really seen success before, then y- all of your experiences are bound to that bias. You know, if- if- if, let's say that you want to lose weight and you've grown up in a really overweight household and all you've ever known is being overweight, an overweight family, overweight friends, and everyone's fat, then it's, you know, any experience you have that would be the opposite, you'll reject, because it's out of align with your beliefs. And so a lot of people suffer because they don't have the right experiences. So the question is, is how do we encounter the right experiences if our beliefs and current reality don't allow us to have them? Because right now, your- your reality is biased to probably being broke or poor or, you know, miserable or unsuccessful, right? And you're experiencing reality, and all of your experiences are in line with that. Now, my reality, for example, is, um, more abundant. I- I get- I experience lots of wealthy things and stuff like that. And that's because you and I are different people and have different paradigms. But I was where you were. So the question is, is, well, if in order for me to form beliefs to act properly and get my goal, I need to have certain experiences, how the hell am I supposed to get those experiences? Because you- you might not be able to afford to buy a supercar and experience driving that, or you might not be able to afford to, you know, pay the bill all the time and have that experience with money, right? So, how do we do this? Well, what I'm gonna do is teach you how to fabricate and forge fake experiences that allow you to start rewiring your belief system so you can achieve alignment, and this is fucking groundbreaking. And everything that I've taught you so far has led to this moment, so let's take a little look, okay? So what we're doing is we're looking at the Self-Transcendence Workbook. And you can see the examples here in Google Drive. So we've got two examples, and I'm gonna show them to you. Now, I wanna just give you a little warning before we get into this. This is, it's scary, this stuff, because time and time again, I have made a slideshow on my computer, acted it out as if it was true, and it's came true. And this isn't some theory-crafted woo-woo bullshit, some fucking weird Pinterest thing that you've seen. This is the fucking truth. I cannot begin to express the power and change that this exercise has had on my existence and my life. It is so severe. And you're gonna see, 'cause the thing is, is I can't lie about this stuff. I can't just make this stuff up. You, I have the- the- the- the benefit of- of-... of, of, of, um, looking back at time here. I can go back and look at the documents I created and show you that they actually happened. All right, here we go. So I've got two of them, two examples to give you here, and this is the first, so I'm going to zoom out a little bit here, um, so you can see this. So welcome to the Self Transcendence Workbook. So what I've got is I've got- I've, I've been doing this for years, and, you know, ev- every, every other month or so, I edit and adjust who I'm becoming, um, according to my goals, and I do it using this document here, and this is really powerful. So what I'm showing you are two incredibly important self-transcendence workbooks for me, um, in terms of variable, in terms of variations. We've got Charlie Morgan 2.4, and then this one here, I believe, is Charlie Morgan 3.2, okay? And I'm gonna walk you through these because it's fucking scary 'cause these have actually come true, okay? So we'll start with Charlie Morgan 2.4 here. So what you do is you can download this in the resources section as a Keynote or a PowerPoint file, and what I want you to do is create your own, and what I'm gonna do before I tell you to create your own is walk you through the whole thing, and then it's pretty self-explanatory to create, okay? So on the front cover here, we have a bunch of role models, and the whole point of this is you print it out. So I've got all of my, I've got, I think, probably 500 pages of self- no, maybe that's a bit ex- a bit of an exaggeration. I've got, like, bunch of pages printed out, um, stapled, laminated in a booklet containing these things, right? So you're gonna need a printer for this. Okay, so what you do is you make, you get all your role models, and you put them on a screen, on a little slide here. You can see, you can just adjust them, right? And, um, you put yourself at the bottom, in the middle, and you can label it with your name. Uh, it's gonna be 1.0, right? It's gonna be the first version. And so, here, we've got Epictetus, got Carl Jung, Winston Churchill, Charlie Munger, Napoleon, Chris Froome, Sam Ovens, my mentor. Um, it's very important, I, I put your mentor on here, um, or the person who you feel is or has going to have the most impact on your success. There can be multiple of them. Socrates, Louis Zamperini, um, Pericles, and Anthony Joshua, right? So people that I used to look up to, or still do. So then, this is, I created this on the 4th of February, I think, in 2018. Uh, I want to say 2018, about then. Yeah, a long time ago, right? So you just have this second page here, and you're gonna put the version you're in. Then what we have is important things to remember. So the point of this document is you're gonna be reading this thing twice a day, in the morning before work and in the evening after work. So we're gonna bookmark your workday with the Self Transcendence Workbook. And what that means is twice a day, you're going to read these summaries of the mindset training. So the first one is for achieving omniscience. Invoke constant paradigm shifts. Reality exists in a pure objective form. When we observe it, we create a subjective reality. The subjective depends on our paradigm and how we see the world. When you observe a component of reality, you create an experience. This is biased through our paradigm. Your paradigm is a product of your beliefs, knowledge, judgment, and self-image-based beliefs. The fastest route to success is to have a drastic paradigm shift, breaking down hard-jammed existing beliefs and replacing them with something new that favors your goal in the future you want. And two, for subjugating reality, it does not matter what is true, only what you believe is true, because with work, that will become true. Your experiences create your beliefs. Your beliefs create your paradigm. Your paradigm creates your thoughts. Your thoughts create your perceived options. Your perceived options create your decisions, and your decisions create your actions, and your actions create your reality. You must intercept at the experience stage, taking daily action on this document to rewire your belief systems and ultimately change your reality. Stack the rocks, build your paradigm, and align your existing reality to your goal reality. "And become he who can," from, um, Identity Ignition. It's all your fault. You're to blame for this life. Everything falls on you, and you must admit and take total responsibility for your problems, life, and reality. No one's to blame but you. Fortunately, you're malleable. Your identity can be changed in an instant, and you are not locked into your current self, doomed to repeat the same behaviors and manifest the same reality over and over again. Self-nihilification is a disease, and truth is the cure. The truth is that you have a becoming self, desperate to manifest inside of you, ready to grow and force something new into existent. Every big jump of progress you make in life and reality comes first because you changed yourself. We don't achieve goals, we achieve characters, identities that force the goal to manifest. And we don't get what we want, we get what we tolerate. You are not defined by your highs, but rather your lows. Human beings won't do shit to achieve a goal but will fight like hell not to break their standards. Understand that the only way to break your oscillatory life cycles is to flip your floor, to bring your most current low and raise it to your most current high. The secret to doing this is to register your current ceiling as the most disgusting, painful thing you can imagine, and the key to flipping the floor is to find limiting beliefs associated with the component, flip them on their head, and invert them to rewire your brain. And you can think of the outreach epiphany. And every day, put yourself through as much pain as possible. Eat pain, bathe in pain, love pain, and relish in it. When you try to bend the universe, it will push back. Resistance is gonna come for you, and it's gonna numb you, and it's gonna seduce you and scare you into not working. Proceed in spite of it, no matter how you feel. Pain manifests when effort meets resistance. Your current self to self- your current self creates resistance to stay alive and the only weapon you have to defeat it is pain, and that comes from the work. Work is defined as doing painful things. Remember you are the puppeteer, you are the general, you are the mind. Your puppet, soldier, and body take instructions from you. Do it every day. Make a deposit into the bank of suffering every day. Don't cope, and walk the trial by fire. And avoid polarization. Don't get jammed. Avoid extremes. The world isn't black and white, it's gray. Humans love to form identities around dualities and pick a side. The greatest men and women of all time are able to think in non-binary terms whereby they can contradict themselves and slide between two opposites. You need this to do with, to, you need to do this with your personality as well as your behavior, okay? From Polarity Paradoxes. And last but not least (clears throat), w-Exercise constant discipline and have the discipline to rest. So, you know, we talked about this in the last video, but control your impulses, do the work consistently, delay gratification, go all in everywhere, sacrifice everything that isn't your goal, health or family, focus hard, don't judge others, become the client you want to attract, and have the courage to understand your drive vacuums. Have the discipline to rest and avoid polarizing yourself, um, to either the end of discipline or rest spectrum. Recover well and focus on keeping the long-term battery recharged. Avoid burnout, for too much discipline creates forced rest. So these are the summaries, um, and it's crucial that you remember these key ideas, right? So I've summarized, you know, (clears throat) what is it now? Probably, like, 25 hours of mindset training or something crazy into a single page. And I'm, I'm telling you right now that you are gonna have to go back through this mindset training as often as you can. Um, to give you some context, when I was going through my mentor Sam's mindset training, I watched that pretty much every month for about three years. And I'm not even joking. Like, th- this is the thing to get. This is the thing to drill. Everything else doesn't matter. If you get this mindset stuff right and if you solidify these ideas and you become these ideas, everything else is fucking easy. So, you know, don't... A- a- anytime that you enter a rut, anytime that you get lost, anytime that you get into, like, this, you know, this, this burnout mode, come back and rewatch these videos and remind yourself and pick yourself back up. Because everything you need to become successful is contained in these videos. And so you're gonna read this every single day to yourself, twice a day. So daily ritual, wake up early, exercise, shower, and then read this Sales Transcendence journal from start to finish. Remember that if you can... You, you can change your reality if you change your beliefs. You are the result of your programming and do not forget this. Okay? So look at your vision boards and who you are becoming. Imagine being there and let the positive emotions wash over you and pour the water. This, this actually means... When I say pour the water, I mean, like, you're talking about the scales, stack the rocks, right? Read your affirmations aloud to yourself. Imagine a situation where each one is genuinely true and make it as detailed and colorful as possible. Let the positive emotions associated with that statement and image wash over you and reprogram your mind to get what you want. Take massive violent action during your working hours. Stop for nothing and work like a beast. Execute your day just the way you planned it and do the fucking work. And then wrap up your day by reviewing any metrics that you've got and using up any trackers that you've got and go back over this again. And I'm gonna put this here. Go back over this document. And allow your mind and body to relax properly before you sleep, because oth- if you don't, your body will force you to. So just another little reminder of what you're gonna do in the day. Now, this is where things get a bit weird. What you're seeing on the screen here was a vision board that I created for myself when I was 19 or 19, 2018? Can't remember now, but it was, it was a long, long time ago, right? I'm recording this at 26, 27. 27 now. And I made this eight years ago, nine years ago, I can't remember the exact time. But what you're seeing here is the apartment I wanted to live in, which is in the Crest Nicholson development in a city called Bath in the UK, the car I wanted, the course I wanted to join, the mastermind I wanted to join, the watch I wanted, the body I wanted, the state of discipline I wanted, the clothing style I wanted, and how I wanted to travel. And you wanna know what's scary? You wanna know what's frightening? Is a couple of years later, I made my, um, legacy to date, which was basically everything that I'd achieved. So this is, this is my second sales transcendence document, right? And on that sales, second sales transcendence document is the car I wanted, the body I wanted, the exact apartment I wanted, and the exact lifestyle that I wanted. So I'm not even joking here. Like, I put this down thinking, "Fucking hell, there's no way I'm gonna be able to achieve this. There's absolutely no way I'm gonna be able to move into this apartment." Because this apartment, the apartment I wanted was a, was a penthouse in Bath. It's bloody expensive, right? And I wanted this c- mer- mer- black Mercedes C-Class. And, you know, I, I wr- I made this when I was broke. I made this just after I signed my first client. I had nothing to my name. I was doing an apprenticeship. I was a dropout of university. I was, I was a complete failure. I had nothing to my name, and I had a vision. And that vision was to get shredded and get rich and have a nice car and have this apartment. And so you want to get real specific. And the other thing I put down here was the course I wanted to join and the mastermind I wanted to join. So my mentor, this is, this isn't, these don't exist anymore 'cause my mentor's now a SaaS billionaire. He's moved on to something much bigger. Um, but I wanted to join his, um... Like, I didn't have the money to at the time or the means to at the time, but I wanted to join his paid programs because they fucking rocked, right? So I put them on my vision board to buy them. And I extended this vision board out a little bit here with the apartment exactly and everything I wanted it to be and my aura score, what I wanted that to be like and all this stuff. Ah, fuck, I get a bit emotional when I talk about this, to be honest. Sorry, just give me a minute. Feel like I should cut the recording here, really. Fuck. Do you know, I... I've kept my composure pretty well for the last, um, last couple of months making these mindset videos. But, you know, I put this together when I was 18. Sorry, I've got... I'm, I'm quite emotional about this. Oh, fuck. Okay, okay, let me lock it. Um, when I was, when I was 18, I was, I was lost. I had, I had no idea what I was doing. I was broke, I was a failure, I was unhealthy, I was poor, I was, I, I was, I was dead in the water. I was completely lost. And I wanted to be better, and I wanted a better life, and I wanted a better lifestyle. And I figured out exactly what I wanted. I took pic- I got pictures of it. This picture here that you can see, this one, if I bring this to the front here, I went... I drove to Bath. This is my hand. I drove to Bath, which is a city in the UK that I wanted to move to. I found the apartment complex I wanted to live in, and I pointed to the exact penthouse that I wanted. That I, I, I literally went and did that, right? And a couple of years later, I moved into that apartment. And I got that car, and I joined that course, and I got that mastermind. (laughs) Like, what the fuck? It still blows my mind. Like, I don't think, like... You guys see me from the perspective of someone who's made a lot of money, been successful, been in the game for years. You guys see me, you guy, you guys, you're, you're experiencing the 10-year product of me. But I don't quite think you understand that where you are right now is exactly where I were when you started, when I started. Hopeless, lost, just needing a mentor, desperate, right? And I put it onto a fucking sheet of paper and I made it happen. And so what you do is you create a vision board, and it should be as vivid, as hu- ... only possible down to the detail, right? And so, you know, I wanted a riverside penthouse in Bath, which is a city in the UK. I wanted a C220D AMG Line Mercedes, 17 plate onwards, in black. I wanted a TAG Heuer Carrera. Heuer. I can't pronounce that, that watch brand, so we're going to just say Heuer. (laughs) And I wanted a monochrome style. I wanted a million-dollar agency. I wanted it to be intelligent, be monk-like, exponential, bold, cash rich, bio-hacker, and shredded. So, what you do when you create your vision board, and I- I'm still a little bit emotional talking about this 'cause it's, uh, I- I don't think you understand, like... like, a co- like, literally just a couple of years later, like here's me smoking a cigar on the balcony of the penthouse (laughs) that I fucking... Like, I don't think you're quite registering this just yet, mate. Like, I drive to the penthouse that I want to move into and I fucking point at it and take a picture of me pointing at it. I put it on a vision board. I look at this vision board twice a day for a couple of years, and then a couple of years later I sign the lease for that exact apartment that you can see right here. This is my office. And there's me smoking a cigar on that balcony. And then here's the, here's the car that I wanted to buy as well. Like, on my vision board, every day, I looked at the C-Class black Mercedes, and I ended up buying the slightly better model, way better model, the C63 S AMG. And, you know, I- I'd look at... I was skinny, and I was out of shape, and I was like, you know, I looked like a bit of a fucking, like, neek. So, I had this shredded thing. I wanted to be shredded and ripped and, you know? Guess what happened? I got in pretty good shape. And I wanted to build a million-dollar agency, and guess what happened? I built a million... Like, I don't, I don't think, you, people... It's hard to communicate, like, the, just how, how this feels. Because if you do this properly, like, you're actually going to make it happen, and it's, it's quite frightening just how you can actually get this stuff to work. And so what you do is you put together a vision board. And if you think this is scary, right? Well, then let me show you something. Let me show you something else. This is my, um, later vision board for, uh, a couple of years after, for 3.2, and on this vision board is the Palm Jumeirah. So (laughs) it's fucking scary, man. Like, I know I don't usually lose my shit when I come to make these videos. But, you know, when I was, when I, when I'd done this and I'd moved into the apartment I wanted and I'd fulfilled this vision board, I came up with a new one, which was to be at eight figures with Info, to live a life of y- luxury, to have an audience, to be an industry leader, to be considered a genius, and be filthy rich. Well, guess what? I'm now at eight figures with Info. I could live a life of luxury if I wanted to. I have an audience. I lead an industry. I don't think I'm a genius, to be honest. That'd be a bit stupid. But I am filthy rich. And what was amazing to me is, you know (laughs), I moved back from Dubai recently. I spent two years living there. This was, this, this, this picture here, I remember I, I got it from like... It's 2018. Um, this was the exact road that I lived on. Like, you can see here, you've got the Royal Atlantis, which is a landmark in, in the UAE, in Dubai. And this, the... I literally would walk past this house, with this pool, and I, and I, I didn't... Like, bear in mind, when I made this, I was successful. I was at, at this point where I'd, I'd made some money. Um, and you know, I was, I just, I basically just put it on a document, and bang. And then also (laughs), look at this. This is the silver play button. So, when I made this thing, I didn't have a proper YouTube channel. In fact, I had 5,000 subscribers. And so I put the silver play button on here, and I got the silver play button the other day. And then the other thing I put on here was hosting my own mastermind, like my mentor did. And now I have my own mastermind, like my mentor did. I also put the first class Emirates travel, and I put being able to do public speaking and having an audience, and all of these things have come true. I've driven the Lambos, I've driven the G-Wagons. I went to buy these things and buy the watch, and I realized I didn't want it in the end, but I'll tell you that story in a minute. Anyway, you can tell, I'm a little bit excited by this stuff because I, I have the luxury of hindsight here. Like, I remember making these... Ah, for God's... It makes me... I'm, I'm a bit of a mess at the moment, guys. I'm really sorry about this. Um, I don't... It, it's hard to, to make this and, and stay cohesive because this is so close to my heart. Like, it worked, for crying out loud. It fucking... What are the chances of that? Taking some pixels, putting them on a piece of paper, printing them off, looking at them a couple of times a day, and then a couple of years later actually having it happen multiple times in a row. Not, not just, not just buying a nice little car, or moving in- into a nice flat, or flying first class every now and then, but moving to the fucking Palm and being filthy rich. Like, it's scary. So, what you do is you make your vision board and you put as much detail in here as you can possibly get. You find exactly where you want it. For me, the big thing was the flat and the car. Those were the big things. Like, flat, car, body, business. Those were the big things. And so, you know, I went on Rightmove, which is a company here in the UK for renting apartments, and I found the apartments. I found the address, the postcodes. Then what you do is you put in your legacy to date. So, this is where you are when you make the, the vision board. So, what you can see, this is who I was when I made this vision board. Dropout, apprentice, reader, first client, first few failures. So, the only thing that I'd achieved at this point was having signed my first client, which you're pretty close to probably doing, right? So, this kid here... S- I'm still a student. Look at me, like fucking goofy ass fucking college ID here. Look at that shit. This is me with my mentor. I've, I've blocked his face out 'cause I don't think he'd appreciate hundreds of thousands of people seeing his face. Um, this is me with the... (laughs) Look at this shit. This is me. This picture here is me going through the mindset training from my mentor, which is no longer available on the internet, by the way. Um, but I've, I've taken this stuff and put it on steroids, which is the point of this mindset training. This is me watching how to create a vision board.So, I- I'm- I'm like, I'm creating this vision board, and then I put this picture of me on it, like, this is my legacy. This is who I am right now. And you can see his, here's Sam's, right? With his story. And I made my story here and I thought, "Oh, I'll just take a quick picture of this." This is me at, like, 19. Guys, this shit's possible! Like, I- I don't think you quite understand. (laughs) Like, th- this actually can be done. I'm not special. I'm not some miracle child that was just born to succeed. I just had a filthy work ethic and I knew what I wanted, and I made it fucking happen. It feels, feels good. Um, anyway, where were we? Right. You can see, here's me making cold calls in my sister's art shed, um, with my laptop and my headphones. You can see I've got this little script here, making cold calls. This was my bank account at the time, so I had £1,000 that had just landed in my Stripe, my first client, but my actual bank account, because this hadn't cleared into my bank yet, um, my actual bank account had like £80 in it. I tried drop shipping with this cat watch brand, I tried a marketing thing before which failed called Revenue. And, um, (laughs) my biggest financial achievement was buying an MVMT black watch (laughs). That was my legacy. I was like, "Shit, what can I put on here that I've actually achieved?" Spending $100 on a watch, ey? Bless me. And then obviously my books, I, I was proud of reading the books I'd read as well. These are the- I think these are the books I read in a year or something like that. I can't remember now. Um, but basically you put your legacy in, which is what you've done so far. And the point here is you might not have done anything. So to, to most people, this is nothing. Like, the only thing that's impressive on here maybe is just getting my first client. Other than that, it's just having a job and, um, you know, just reading some books, right? And making an Instagram page. So what you then do is, with this thing, is you make your story. So you, you can sort of document your story in these little picture stages. And, um, well, there's my first apprentice mentor, so I said I'd blur his face out, but yeah, I'm sure he'll be fine with that to be honest. I don't think he might at all. Um, yeah, so what you do is you tell your story. And so for me it was dropping- it was- there was a few key stages to my story up until this point. So I decided on my first client, right? And you can see after my, um, you can see my business account here. Um, so I used to bank with Lloyds, right? So I started with £80, um, for my personal account. Then I signed my first client, then I got another for, like, half price. Um, so I had like 1.6K in there. I thought I was fucking rich, I'll tell you. Anyway, drop out of uni, then I get three jobs. Um, here's me working. You can see a picture of me here working in a call center. I used to work for Clarks Customer Care, which is a shoe brand and, um, yeah. Then I have my business failures. So the cat watch thing, drop shipping, um, this marketing agency I tried to start, and this thing here, some, like, social media marketing thing that failed. Then I had my severe burnout. This is the only picture of me that I, (laughs) that I have from my burnout stage, where I had that three-month window where I had to just stop. Then I had my apprenticeship, and then, um, then I start my agency and I get my first client. So I'm making this story up as it- as it- as it's happened, right? So these are the key stages, and this is kind of where I am, right, right now when I make this document. So as I'm producing this document, this is where I am. And then what you do is- what's really cool is you start predicting the future. So you can create and sort of write the next chapters of your stories if they're gonna unfold. So I knew that after signing my first client, I was gonna finish my apprenticeship and build my agency to 10K a month, get an office and hire a team, automate the agency, move to the Bath penthouse and buy the Mercedes, travel and finally be free, and then scale up to 100K a month These were the next steps in my story I wanted to take. This was the foresight I wanted to have, right? And you best believe it all came true, which is scary. Now, the next thing is, is where it gets even weirder. What you wanna do is you wanna write a manifesto. And looking at these words, they make me, they make me a bit... I don't know what emotion I feel when I, when I, when I read these words, because I wrote this manifesto when I was broke, when I was this kid over here doing an apprenticeship, you know, working in my car, you know, with nothing to his name, making £3 an hour, just signed one client. Like, that was it. There was ne- I- there was nothing. And I wrote this manifesto. Who is Charlie Morgan? Charlie Morgan is free. He's built and scaled an agency to sit multi-six figures and is well on his way to 100K a month in the gym niche. He's widely regarded in the industry as the go-to agency for marketing for gyms and gets his clients insane results. His appointment booking and sales skills are unmatched, and he finds getting clients for his agency easy, and his standards for himself are ruthlessly high. His agency went from 1K a month to 10K a month rapidly fast af- after signing his first client. He did it in record time, scaling up to 10K a month in just a few months after the first domino fell. True story. After that, he went on to scale to 100K a month with his mo- with disgusting speed, solving problems like a demon. True story. Charlie lives in a glass-paneled penthouse in Bath in the countryside of the UK. He lives in the most prestigious address in Bath and has the top penthouse of either Leopold House, Alexandra House, Sovereign Point, or anywhere else in the Crest Nicholson Bath riverside development. True story. He's paid for multiple years of rent upfront and has a wonderful city with the- city and countryside. Wonderful view. True story. Charlie drives a black C220 DAMG Mercedes Coupe. I actually drove a C63 at the time, but true story. He didn't finance it, he bought it in cash. True story. The car is a real head-turner and it's classy and fast. True story. He drives it regularly and takes European road trips in it. True story. Due to his physical- um, financial and physical state, Charlie's extremely confident with women and has no trouble dating in this department. True story. He finds it easy to date and extremely confident when talking to- dating beautiful women. True story. You gotta realize, like, none of this was true when I first wrote it. Charlie has financial time and location freedom. He spends his time traveling the world working from his laptop. This happened. He takes his family and siblings on frequent trips and can afford to go anywhere in the world in style. He's truly a free man and no one can control him or boss him around. This happened. Charlie's a ruthless, relentless entrepreneur. He's not afraid of p- pain or confrontationHe's a master of sales and finds closing high-ticket deals easy. This happened. Charlie has a disgusting pain tolerance and fear tolerance. He has an extremely competitive attitude and it's paired with his genius. He's a force to be reckoned with in business. This happened. Charlie takes good care of his health. He eats clean, exercises regularly, and has a lean muscular body. He meditates regularly, practices minimalism with a monochrome style, and leads a simple, focused life. This happened. Charlie is extremely intelligent. He always makes the right decisions and lives in accordance with second order consequences. He is a genius. Well, you can make a decision as to whether you think that's true or not. Then you have your goals. So the- the thing is about this is, this ... Like, I wrote this, and when I wrote this, I thought, "There's no fucking way this is gonna happen." Like, I really thought to myself like, "Oh, shit. There's- this is way too much of a stretch." Like, living in this flat and having this car and being confident with girls, I- I was- I- I was like dreaming here. Like, to me now, this just seems like a walk in the park. This is just- this is just something that just- just happened. But that's because I've evolved myself and I've developed my identity to such an extreme that this just is now my ... Well, it was my life. I've- I've since moved on. This was ... This- uh, this- this happened, this was my reality many years ago, um, I lived in that- that apartment for a while before I moved to Dubai. Um, so then you have your character traits. So, what you'll remember is, in, I think it was Identity Ignition, um, I think it was one of the- one of the mindset modules, we talked about your becoming self and mapping that out and mapping out the traits and everything. And you should have access to that Miro board you did. And so what you wanna do now is you wanna put in your character traits, and then you put in your body type and style, you put in your routine, and you put in your mentors. So, my character traits that I needed to develop were being monk-like, relaxed, non-judgmental, attractor, focused, fearless, aware, and patient. And I wanted to have my hair cut like this, my dress like this, my accessories like this. I never, ever wore that silver chain, by the way. You can see there, there's some suspicious stuff going on here, but ... Anyway, um, grooming. This was my routine, so I wrote down the routine that I wanted to follow and, like, I was like, "What would the routine be of this guy?" Like, this- this guy who's like ... This- this vision guy that makes this happen, like, what would his routine look like? You write it down, and then you act it out. And before you know it, by acting it out, you become it. And then you write down your mentors. So for me, my mentors were Sam Ovens, Charlie Munger, and Epictetus or the Stoics. So you don't really wanna have many m- ... People make the mistake of having loads of mentors. Really, you only want to have like one or two. Um, truly for me, it was just Sam. Um, but I learned a lot from reading and other people as well and Epictetus's Discourses. But you wanna put your mentor on here, so maybe you- you can put me in if you want, um, or whoever else you've learned from, right? But I wouldn't have more than two or three. Then you have your goals. (laughs) This is hilarious. 100K saved. Ah. Cute. Um, you put your financial wealth goals in here, you put your business goals in here, you put your health and fitness goals in here. Um, so this is- this is quite interesting to observe, because I wanted to save 100K, mortgage a rental property, and provide a safety f- net to my family. I didn't actually do the rental property in the end, 'cause it wasn't a good investment, but I got all this done. I achieved these goals. And I got to 100K a month in sales. I helped a hundred gym owners, so that was my first agency. I automated my organic attraction, I automated my sales, and I delivered a great service. And then my health and fitness goals. Um, I did this, I did this, I did this, I did this, I did this, I did this. Personal behavioral goals, I did this and this and this and this. And my unquestionable standards, um, I managed to do this as well. Like, you know, my- my floor became 100K a month cash in my agency. So, what you wanna do here is ... Think of this like designing a movie character, but there's no limit. You know, you wanna be really clear on your vision and what you want to achieve, and you wanna make it as visual as possible. You wanna put down your legacy to date and what you've achieved so far, if as- as much as you can. Then you wanna write out your story so far and the next steps in that story so it starts to look like it's gonna happen. Then you write down a manifesto. This is kind of like, you know, this is like your ... Who you would dream to be. Like, if you could be anyone, like who would you dream to be? What exactly would that look like, right? Then you have your traits, your character s- your- your- your character traits, your style, your routine, and your mentors, and then your goals. And if you have all these things put in together, you've kind of built like a- a character. You've built the identity. You can see it, you can read it, you can feel it, you can- you can experience it just by looking at it, right? Then what you wanna do is you wanna have a couple of pages of affirmations. So, affirmations are the best way to create imaginary experiences. And what it basically is, is you read a sentence, you imagine a- a- a c- you imagine an experience associated with that sentence, you feel an emotion associated with that image, and then that forms a belief. So if we talk about stacking the rocks on the belief scales or creating experiences that confirm what you want to believe to be true, affirmations are the way forward. Now, what I've done here is I've put in all the affirmations I've used over the years, and there's way more than this. I've- I've got, um, dozens of pages of affirmations that I've used to- to bust my beliefs. Remember, what you need to do is ... Remember what we did with the outreach epiphany, where you find your limiting beliefs and you flip them, so you invert them? So if, you know ... W- we did this before. You must remember that. Where I- I had my outreach beliefs with a piece of paper and stuff. Remember that, right? I got you to do the same thing. So, what you wanna do is this is where you write in the new beliefs and you write in the new programming. And so what I've done is I've put a bunch in here for you. The first few are to do with client acquisition, and these are ones that I use to solve my client acquisition belief systems, these- these first few here. But you can pick and choose the ones that you feel are most relevant to you. So generally speaking, you wanna have like, you know, maybe two, maybe three pages of affirmations, um, just like this, and you wanna be focused on the problem at hand. So whatever the biggest problem is in your life or the biggest bottleneck in your business is what you want to write your affirmations ada- around. So if you're struggling with sales, if you're struggling with appointment booking, then the affirmations should be about appointment booking and sales, i.e., I am an incredible salesperson and I love closing deals and I think I'm amazing at sales. I'm so happy with my sales ability. That's an affirmation. Or, let's say that you had a problem with, um, I don't know, to use a non-business context, eating healthily. Let's say that your self-image is that you struggle to eat healthy. Well, your affirmation could be, I love eating healthily and I find it so easy to eat clean. It's- it's in- it's insane how it- how naturally it comes to me, eating healthily. I'm so happy about it. That's an affirmation. Whenever you speak an affirmation, it is absolutely crucial that you imagine an image. So if I said, "I am amazing at sales and I love closing deals. It's the best thing ever," then what you would imagine yourself doing is shaking hands or something with a prospect and them handing you $1,000. And you imagine that in your mind and you let yourself fill up with positive emotion associated with that. So, the words give you inspiration for the image, and the image should invoke an emotion. And if we do this, if we go words, image, emotion, then we have created an experience. So right now, if you believe that money's hard to come by, and you then ... One of your affirmations could be, "I genuinely believe that money grows on trees and money flows to me abundantly, and I love the fact that I make loads of money. I'm so happy about that." That's an affirmation. What you could then do is you could close your eyes and imagine yourself laying on your bed and money just falling on you. Like, thousands of dollars just floating down and falling on your bed. And that would probably feel pretty good. So you can imagine that experience and you can create an emotion, and every time you create this experience, you stack the scale on the money thing and you st- ... start to act it out. And the more you do this, the more you rewire your brain like this, the more experiences you create of this nature, the quicker the belief systems will form, the better your actions will be, and the sooner you'll make the right decisions, okay? So you can put your affirmations in here. I would create your own, 'cause they need to be your words, but these are here for inspiration. Um, and I've used all of these multiple times. Like I said, I've got dozens of pages of them. But it needs to be specific to you and your situation. Like, you know, I truly believe that I struggle to get clients, so I told myself probably about 10,000 times that I have too many appointments. And fucking guess what? I actually do now have a, this. Like, like I, this is funny, 'cause I now bel- I genuinely, like, used to never believe any of this stuff. But now, I believe that money is abundant. I believe that my market is abundant. I believe, I genuinely believe I'm God's gift to organic attraction. I think I'm the best in the world at it. I love that, I love organic attraction. I believe that appointment booking is the easiest thing in the world. I believe that a- I love appointment booking. I have too many appointments. I'm brilliant at sales. My progress is consistent and steady. I'm a ruthless closer. I do not judge others. Like, these, these are all things that weren't true but are now true to me. And all I had to do was just repeat them, create an image, and do that. So, the other thing that you wanna do here, before you read out your affirmations, 'cause you need to read them out loud, is you wanna clap, like, like, you know, with your hands. 'Cause what's gonna happen is, you're gonna go through this document twice a day, and eventually you're gonna just get bored of it and just start blasting through it, right? But what you wanna do is, before you read your affirmations, you need to do a big, loud clap, 'cause what that does is it kind of, it, it, it tunes you in. Like, it forces you to sort of focus. Like, you, you suddenly become locked in, and then the affirmations actually register, if that makes sense. So, that is the first workbook example. This is the second. So this was when, this first document that you saw here, um, I made when I was like dead broke. So here, I've got, I've got Harley, just one client on board. I'm working in my sister's art shed. I'm doing my apprenticeship. I'm desperate to succeed, and I'm, I'm, I've dropped out of uni. I'm a complete failure. I've just come out of my burnout stage. Things are not good for me, right? So I, I dream up this crazy lifestyle that I thought I'd never achieve, and getting into this course and this m- this mi- this mastermind and stuff, I was like, "There's no way." Um, and, you know, I wrote this manifesto thinking that's never gonna happen, like what the fuck? But then I had all these affirmations, and, you know, I'd read them out every day to myself twice a day. What happened is it all came true, so this literally became exactly true to the letter, um, which was kind of insane. I even bought the nicer version of the car. And I got to 100K a month. And it happened, and, you know, I celebrated. And when I did that, I was at my version 3.2, so I had, I had my, another version to create. So I had to reinvent myself. I needed a new becoming self. 'Cause trust me, it might sound ridiculous, but it's just as painful to be stuck at 100K a month as it is at a couple of K a month. Not financially, but it's the same premise, right? I like to develop. You best believe, by the way, I have one of these Self-Transcendence Workbooks for my current self, um, for who I'm becoming next. I'm not gonna share that with you because it is really personal and it's quite deep. But I can share this with you in hindsight. So I made this when I was making 100K a month with my agency, and I'd just started Imperium Agency. So Imperium Agency was a, was a, was a li- was a while old, and, um, you know, we were doing quite well with Imperium and Northlow was doing 100K a month, and things were going really good. And so what I did is I, I at this point had some new role models, 'cause I'd been reading a lot. So we had Napoleon, Michelangelo, Alexander the Great, obviously my mentor Sam again, um, Caesar, Carnegie, um, Elon Musk, Wellington, Seneca. Um, yeah, so I just, I just like to refresh it so it's nice and new. Print it off, et cetera. Um, obviously we've got the important things to remember again that I've put in here for you. Daily ritual, again, that I've put in here for you. And then we've got this vision book. This all came true. Now, I put this down, once again, thinking there's no fucking way. I was like, "There's no way that I can get to eight figures, I'm at 100K a month, there's no way I can have this lifestyle and buy these watches and fly, fly private, and there's no way I can have enough authority to run my own mastermind and, you know, have people pay attention to me." Um, but I did. And I, I, I moved into this exact street on the Palm, um, and if you, for those of you who don't believe me, you can go and look back on my YouTube videos, um, from 2024, and you'll, you'll see this house in my videos basically for like a year and a half. Um, and I literally did it. Like, all of this came true. This exact street, I lived on the Palm, I had enough money to just watch like 200 grand, I was gonna buy it, and then I was like, "That's just fucking stupid," 'cause I kind of ... Like, th- this, this first version of me was like me just craving freedom, I was like, "I just wanna be free," and then this version of me, I went kind of status crazy, right? Um, so like, you know, you've got pict- some pictures of some models here with Dan Bilzarian, 'cause I wanted these, like, beautiful women. I've got like a penthouse here in London, 'cause I was like, "I wanna live in like luxury." And, um, I got the house on the Palm, I drove the Lamborghinis and the G-Wagons, and I didn't buy them in the end 'cause I just invested the money and that was a, that was about, what, 18 months ago? And I'm up. I'm bloody glad I didn't buy these things. But I had the option to, which is what matters, right? Um, I can now fly private whenever I want. Um, I can't buy a jet yet, not quite there, but if I wanted to fly to Spain or something, it's like 15 grand or some shit, it's not that bad. Which is, I know is insane, but you get my point. And, um, then I got my silver play button, I got my 100K YouTube subscribers. And whenever I fly Emirates, I go f- first class in this cabin. And I can't stress enough, like, none of this seemed within reach to me when I was doing 100K a month. 'Cause like, to live on the Palm, like, I was doing 100K a month with my agency, and we were on like 60% margins, and I had a business partner, and we had expenses. So I wasn't actually making that much money. Like, you know, I was still making very, very good money, but in contrast, I wasn't making 100K a month like cash, like after taxes, 'cause I lived in the UK, which meant that I was taxed at 25% profit, then I had to pay income tax of 40%, then 50% of it went to my business partner, because I had a business partner, then we had expenses.So it might seem like, oh, 100k a month, like, you can live this life. No, you can't. You can't. There's, there's, there's all sorts of shit. So, um, yeah, this all happened. Like, I can fly private. I could buy the Brabus G-Wagon if I wanted to, but I don't really want to do that anymore, because it doesn't... It just feels a bit stupid. Um, I could buy the SVJ with the Gintani exhaust. I live in a penthouse in London now, which is funny, as I moved back from Dubai, 'cause I... my new vision board and who I'm becoming now had to reject all of this stuff, had to reject the, um, the luxury materialism. Here's an audience, right? A person with a big, massive audience, people listening to him. And, um, yeah. So when I made this, this was who I was. So I made this vision board when I was living in Bath in the penthouse. I had the C63. I had the, the physique. Um, you know, I, um, I had like 5k on YouTube. I'd just launched Easy Grow, which was our... which is the course, you know? It's been developed since then, obviously. And I got the agency to 100k a month. So at this point, I was a seven-figure agency owner, a micro-influencer, a cash millionaire, disciplined, and had my dream apartment and car. And, you know, it was... it's quite funny because this was my story to date. So at this point, right, I'd done all this stuff as, as per before. I got the agency to 10k a month and built an office. Then I automated the agency. Then I got to do the traveling thing. So I did the traveling thing with the agency and got to 100k a month. Then I started a agency course, moved to Bath, and bought the car. And then what I couldn't... what I hadn't done yet was the next chapters, which was get to 500k a month, get to Forbes 30 Under 30, build a remote sales team, get the Silver Play Button, get to 1 mil a month, and do the whole living on the palm thing. Now, this came true, this came true, this came true, this came true, this came true. I haven't got on Forbes 30 Under 30 yet. So if anyone happens to know anyone that works for Forbes in this department, then let me know, because it is still a goal of mine. Which is probably just a little bit narcissistic, but whatever, right? It was on my chapters. So this thing is not going to be 100% accurate, right? But, you know, we missed a few of the shots. Um, but yeah, this was the... that's how it worked. And funnily enough, like, I was blind. I didn't know this was going to happen or not, right? But I put these chapters in, and they came true. I got to 500k a month, I built a remote sales team, I got to 100k subs, I got to a mil a month, and I moved to Dubai. And I had the luxury cars, and the wardrobe, and all this shit. And then this is where my ego went a little bit crazy. But that's fine, because I was dreaming. And it's important to note that this, this manifesto is... I'm going to read this out to you, and it's probably going to sound a bit like me, because this is who I wanted to become, and this is basically who I became. Charlie Morgan is a seven-figure agency owner turned eight-figure info entrepreneur. True. He is known to be the number one expert in the make-money-online space for client acquisition, and his content and courses are widely regarded as the go-to places for agency owners and coaches to get clients and systems for appointment booking. True. He has achieved total tr- he has achieved total transcendence, soaring f- soaring far and wide above anyone else in the market. True. With his ruthless business acumen and skillset, his agency coaching business makes eight figures, no trouble. True. He's comfortably sat on eight figures cash after tax. True. His main business... (laughs) This is... By the way, none of this was fucking real. Like, I made this when I was this seven-figure dude, right? His main business is Imperium Agency, a company that makes it easy for any agency owner, coach, or consultant to quickly scale to six, multi-six, or seven figures. True. Imperium Agency has the most groundbreaking record in online business history for client results, boasting literal thousands of results, case studies, and testimonials. True. I've got 3,000 testimonials for Easy Growth. When I wrote this, I had like 100 clients for, for Imperium Agency. Maybe a few more than that. So this was like a vision. This wa- this hadn't happened yet. His clients cherish his program. It's lethal for results and an insane program. True. (laughs) This is fucking brilliant. Alongside Easy Grow, Charlie has a vast suite of top-tier info products. He runs the best info and agency mastermind in the game, true, and has a free course used by millions of people to get rich. And I... (laughs) Oh my God, I wrote this, what, four, five years ago now? I can't remember how long ago it was. But I'm now doing this, and millions of people... So this is all coming true. Alongside his YouTube channel, he has 100,000 subscribers, and it's made him famous and respected all over the Western world for, for business. This is... This... I might not be famous and respected all over the Western world, but this has happened. Because he was making so much money, Charlie decided to move to Dubai to the exclusive address Palm Jumeirah. True. All that happened. He lives in a mansion alongside his business partner, Beau, and their girlfriends. Now, I was a little ambitious to assume that Beau and I would be... have girlfriends at this point, because we didn't, right? But I'm not always... I'm not gonna be right about everything, right? Some of this stuff's wrong. They live along the beach with a live-in maid and staff. We didn't have a live-in maid, we got cleaners, but whatever. The garage contains many exotic supercars. Charlie can afford luxury and has no problem spending big months- sums of money on whatever he wants. So Charlie drives an SVJ Aventador and a Gintani exhaust and a Brabus G-Wagon. He sports a Richard Mille watch alongside a minimalistic luxury wardrobe. He remains humble and hardworking in spite of his riches. So when I got to Dubai, I bought a ton of luxury stuff. I didn't flaunt it on social media at all, because deep down I knew that it was not my brand or who I really was. Like, I, I did the whole rent the car stuff and I bought all the fucking fancy shit, and I, I'm shame... I did it. I won't lie to you. I bought a bunch of shit. Um, clothes, you name it. And then I sold it all and I got rid of it all, 'cause I realized, like, this is gonna trap me. This... That's how you get trapped at eight figures, is, you know, you live the bougie boy lifestyle. You know, you suddenly... Your life becomes about, um, status and ego as opposed to development and growth. So I got rid of it all. But I did it, you know? I had the cars, I drove the Lamborghinis, all that shit. Charlie is a ruthless, relentless entrepreneur. He's not afraid of p- pain or confrontation. He's a master of sales and, and finds closing high-ticket deals easy. He has a disgusting pain tolerance. So this is... This was from the previous, um, previous oneUm, because I copied and pasted it because, um, it was still, like, it was true but I wanted to make sure that it stayed true, if that makes sense. And, "He is widely regarded as a top expert in client acquisition in the game. No one can compete with him in terms of decision-making capability, work ethic, and product quality." Ha! "Charlie's products are absolutely mind-blowing, and his competitors shake- shake in their boots at the prospect of having to out-compete with him on product. It is quite literally impossible to make a better product than Charlie Morgan. When it comes to product, he is a pain-devouring sociopath who will stop at nothing, biologically and phys- psychologically, to blow his clients away and deliver absolutely the same results." So, you can be the judge of whether or not that's true with this program and with EZ Grow. Now, I will warn you, like, this is an incredibly narcissistic, grandiose, egotistical thing to write. But you need to stay humble and stay grounded. Like, you know, you don't want to become this dick who just spends loads of money and doesn't care about anyone and is just totally narcissistic and self-absorbed. But this is like a- it's either- you can either see it as a massive narcissistic asshole, or someone who's got a ton of confidence. And I think as long as you keep your values and stay humble and stuff, you know, you can- you can be pretty b- bold with this stuff. Besides, it's only you that's gonna read it, right? So, you know, these were the character traits that I needed- I needed to develop to get to eight figures. Ruthless, fast, long-term, focused, client worship, transparent, present, all-in. This was the haircut, dress, accessories, body type, diet, and everything I wanted. And this is all- all of this is now true, by the way. I don't wear jeans, though. Anyone that wears jeans is a fucking psychopath, in my opinion. They're so uncomfortable. But I do wear Crocs (laughs). Um, this is my routine. Uh, this has slightly changed recently, but it was my routine for quite a while. And then the same thing with my men- my mentors didn't change. I didn't receive any new mentorship. My goals, t- this is all true. It came true. I wrote this down, I thought it was a fuck... I thought- I thought having $10 million saved, liquid after cash, and having a $30 million net worth, was obscene. When I wrote this down, I was like, "There's no way this is gonna hap-" I was just completely perplexed by the idea of any of this happening. And, um, it did. And it's prob- it's probably more than this now, I- there's- well, I'm not gonna get into my personal financial situation, but it's- it's a lot. And it's a lot more than I thought it would have been. And, um, yeah. My business goals, build an A-star lean team, done. Automate actions with ads, done. 100K on YouTube, done. Management team built, done. Mind-blowing product suite, done. Well, I'm working on the free thing, right? Health and fitness goals, carnivore, meat only, hybrid ...)
... diet, done. Shredded year-round, 85 kilograms, 10s of body fat, nearly done. I kind of hover with the body fat thing. Indestructible immune system, done. I never get ill. Ruthlessly fit cardiovascular system, done. Perfectly alternative sleep, done. Free of all addictions and habits, done. Like, all of these things came true. And then what I've done is I've copied and pasted the same affirmations, um, prior. There are affirmations that I've used to get to eight figures. They're different to the ones that you use to get to multi-seven figures or seven figures. They're different to the ones you use to get to six figures. The difference to the- they're different to the ones you use to get your first client. It's like, I'm not going to give you the affirmations I used to build a 10 million a year business because you're just trying to get your first client, right? And you need to have different belief systems accordingly. But you're gonna adjust these affirmations and, you know, you can copy and paste the ones that you think are most relevant to you, and obviously invert your current belief systems. So, that is the- the- a- Self-Transcendence Workbook. I have one of these right now for my current goal and who I'm becoming. And you need to make one, and you need to make it as vivid as possible. But here's the thing, it needs to be- there needs to be a shred of believability to it. Because if I dreamed up all of this stuff when I was broke with no money, like, you know, when I was this kid here, this dude here. If I try to be like, "Oh, I want a house on the palm, and I want a Lamborghini, and I want to fly first class everywhere, and I want to have a private jet, and I want to get with, you know, Ukrainian supermodels," and like, this kid wouldn't- it would be too out of reach. It's too unbelievable. But, you know, making a- making, um, 10K a month and, you know, moving into- or making, you know, multi-six figures and moving into a penthouse that I can point at, and buying a car that's worth 20 grand, like that seems about doable Seems fucking hard. Or, you know, buying a- buying my mentor's upsell course for, you know, five figures or whatever. Like, that seems something like- something I could probably just about manage. Just about. So, what you don't want to do is overshoot this and have an insane vision that you just don't think is possible just yet. You want to build it bit by bit. That's why this is 3.2 and this thing here is 2.4. You start small, you know? And there's no shame in that. And, you know, you can be- just be as specific as you possibly can. And the real big secret to this is the affirmations. It's reading these things out, closing your eyes, imagining a scenario where the thing you've just read is true, and letting that image register on an emotional level. If you combine the affirmations and you do that, you know, every day and you read them every day, and you combine that with looking at how far you've come and how far you're going to go, y- your actions will just- you will just line up. And then, like, this is literally- like, it fucking happened. Like, I put this down on a pe- on a fucking PDF with- with no idea that it was gonna work, and it worked. And I lit- all of this came true. Same thing, here we go. If I pull this up, I put it down. Lo and behold, here I am. It happened. There's me smoking a cigar on the balcony of the fucking penthouse that I drove to in my Vauxhall Corsa and pointed out years prior. It works, and I am living proof that it works. And that's why I'm so passionate about this bloody mindset training. Affirmations are so crucial. You must- you can't just look at this thing, you have to feel the emotion. It has to register on an emotional level. You don't really have an experience if it's not... Well, you do have experiences without emotion, but the- the- remember, the stronger the emotion, the- the- the- the bigger the rock that you're stacking. So yeah, I've got these vision boards for every step of my journey. And, you know, I've got my vision board for my new sense of self, my becoming self that I'm working on right now, my multi-eight-figure self, and then I'm gonna have a nine-figure self and a multi-nine-figure self. And I'll have a billion-dollar self, and I will not stop and I will keep going, 'cause it works, and I really believe in this stuff. Um, so yeah, you kind of get the point. Be careful what you wish for (laughs), or don't. And those are my vision boards and the examples. (sighs) Like, it comes true, man. Like, I remember when I signed the lease for the house on the palm, flew out to Dubai in the middle of August, it's fucking boiling, got an Uber to the- to the- the house. And my estate agent, Stacey, she opens the door and I, like- I was about to cry. I didn't cry, 'cause Stacey was quite attractive and I didn't want to cry in front of her. But when she left, you best know I cried. I was walking around the house and I had this- I had this vision board thing. I- I- it came everywhere with me. I had this in my, um, in my- it was like laminated in my suitcase. And, um, and I- I sat down on the, um, (laughs) on the balcony of the master bedroom, and I looked out and I saw this exact view And I thought, "Oh my God." And you know, people are mistaken with the whole manifesting thing. Like, people talk about manifesting and seeing it and believing it. This is actually- I got- I actually did the manifesting thing and it worked, and this is the way you do it. I don't think there's any other way. So, that is Forging Experiences, and you can look at those examples in real time by downloading them here in PDF form or PowerPoint form or Keynote form And I'm hoping that this has given you some confidence. So a couple- there's some action items that are absolutely crucial that you do right now. Um, I don't wanna- I don't want you to get to the end of this mindset training and not do the, do the work. So, these are fucking crucial. So create your own. Download the examples in Keynote or PowerPoint and create your own. Spend a good amount of time on this because you're literally designing your future. There's probably arguably nothing more important than doing this. Like, you can design it and it will happen. In the same way that an architect designs a building and it gets built, you can do that with reality. Make it believable, but not so far out of reach. It should scare you and you should doubt if it's possible, but not completely. There should be an inkling of hope to achieving it. Now, the next action item is I want you to post this in school. So do this now. So basically create your own, and once you've created it, I want you to take a screenshot of the front cover and the vision board. And then I want you to write a paragraph talking about your experience with the mindset module, what you think of it, and how you found this week of training. And then I want you to post the paragraph and screenshots in the school community, okay? So go, go grab your thing, grab your document, take some screenshots of the vision board, take some screenshots of the, of the front page, who you're associating with and stuff, and then write a nice paragraph. It doesn't have to be- maybe, maybe it can be nasty, whatever you want to write. Right? I'm not in control of your speech. But write a paragraph about the mindset module. Fuck it, you can write 10 paragraphs if you want, you can write a novel. Just note it down and- because what I want you to do is reinforce the idea that you believe all this stuff and there's no better way to do that than posting it in the community. And what this will do is it will encourage new members to partake in the mindset training. But more importantly, it will force you to start acting since thousands of people are going to see this. So it's kind of cool because you get to, like, solidify your identity in front of the audience, in front of the crowd, in front of the community. And that means that you're more likely to act it out because it's an expectation of you. And also anyone joining the community for the first time, and there's going to be, like, for example, today, there might be like 100, 200 people that have joined, right? They're going to see your post and they're going to be inspired to continue through the training. And you may- you, just by posting this and writing a nice paragraph about the mindset module, may well have a extremely positive impact on someone else's life that you didn't even know about. Um, so yeah, you can write a paragraph, as much information as you want about the mindset module, what you've learned and what you think of it, and go ahead and do that now. Next action item, daily readings. So once you've made this thing, print it off, laminate it, put it in a document, like put it in a book if you can. Read through it twice a day, once in the morning, once in the evening. Do it seven days a week, every day, never miss a day, no matter what. Read the affirmations aloud with chest and make sure that you're properly visualizing the whole thing. And when you do, tie it to an emotion. When we're stacking rocks on the scales of beliefs, remember that the more emotion an experience holds, the stronger the impact it will have on the belief So muster up as much positive emotion as you can and associate this with the image and idea of the affirmation on the visuals you're looking at. I used to imagine myself (laughs)- when I was- when I'd say to myself, like, "I believe that money is abundant and I believe that I always think and act today. I love to be alive. I'm happy to be here." Like, when I used to say all my affirmations about making money and building businesses, like, my agency makes 10K a month and that's a fact. I love the fact that my agency makes 10K a month and I can just imagine right now looking at my Stripe and seeing 10K a month in real live time. That beautiful little purple, like, up and down graph of- showing $10,000 entering my bank account. And then what I'd do is I'd shut my eyes and I'd be like- I'd close my eyes and I'd imagine, uh, pulling out my phone out my pocket, swiping up and seeing $10,000 in one month on Stripe. And then I'd, I'd- and then I'd- of course, if that actually happened in real life, you'd probably feel lots of positive emotion. So then, then I'd like- I'd j- I'd just imagine it and just feel myself filling with joy. I've just created an experience. It's imaginary, it's not true. I'm deluding myself, but it works in Stacking the Rocks. I used to imagine myself waking up early in my penthouse, driving to the gym. The feel of the seatbelt, the click of the seatbelt, I'd imagine that. The sound of the exhaust from, like, the cold start of the engine in the underground car park that I'd scouted out years prior. The noise of the de-misters on the car. I did the same thing with the business, I do the same thing with my products, uh, the P- the Palm Jumeirah, the cars, everything. Like, when you do these affirmations, I cannot stress enough, it's so crucial to have an image and then to have an emotion with that image. Then what you want to do is record your- yourself reading the entire document aloud and listen to it over and over again, and record yourself saying the affirmations and listen to them over and over again So on my phone from 2018, 2019, whatever, whatever the hell it was, 2018 I think, '17 maybe? Anyway, all those years ago, I've got voice memos of me r- reading my affirmations. And so what I would do on the way to the gym or on the way to work or on a walk or on the weekends on my spare time, I would co- listen to my affirmations over and over again. This is called auto-suggestion, where you repeat the same language over and over again until you start to believe it. You want to totally engross yourself in this new reality, not just visually, but audially as well. So, you know, if you've got a one-hour drive and you've got 10 minutes of affirmations to listen to, then you can listen to it, like, over and over again. Like, you just listen to that, like, six times. And before you know it, you'll, you'll actually start to believe the things. Like, this works. Like, it- your brain works on familiarity and if you li- if you just listen over and over again to the same thing, like, my- one of my affirmations was, "I make, um, six figures and I'm worthy of six figures and I find it so easy to make six figures that it's- it's laughable." And then I'd imagine myself, um, at the end of the year doing my, like, tax returns and putting 100,000 in the spreadsheet and then, like, laughing and smiling at it and then I'd fill, I'd fill up with joy. And like I- and I told myself that every day for like a year, or it wasn't even a year, it was a couple of months, then it came true Then it happened and then I made my- I remember very well 'cause I'd imagined it so many times, it scared the shit out of me, I was doing my, um, tax return form for my accountant and I put in over $100,000It's like a hundred and, like, what was it, a hundred and eighteen thousand dollars, seven hundred dollars, something like that. And it happened, so the, the images are important. Tell a friend. So send your vision board to someone you trust and love and request them to hold you accountable. It needs to be someone close to you who won't shut the idea down. And then also invite them to the program. Like, if there's someone out there who you think would benefit from this mindset training, even if they don't want a business necessarily, like, fuckin' invite them. You must have a friend or someone. You'd be doing me a massive favor, but also yourself, because then you're held accountable by that person to this program. And then the last thing, the last action item of this mindset module, is to finally schedule an EasyGrow call. So you'll have seen the EasyGrow, um, call links, c- call to action sort of thing in the bottom of all the videos. You're now at the point where you have your business foundation set and your mindset's in a firm place. And I'm hoping you trust me and I've done a good job here, at least a good enough job to, y- for you to seriously consider investing in yourself. If you want to solidify your new identity and really ramp up the rate at which you become successful, then you can book a call to talk to, to my team about EasyGrow. You can do it now. Now, this is not mandatory. This is not, like, one of those things where I'm forcing you to do it. If you don't feel ready, that's fine. Like, I'm, I'm not, I'm not trying to push this on you. All I'm saying is wha- when I bought... When I started, you know, when I purchased a high ticket course and invested my, like, my identity just locked into place. I was like, "Fuck this." Y- once you've spent fucking good money on a fucking good course, it's very hard to turn back, 'cause y- your identity votes with its wallet, right? This is a display of seriousness and a great way to overcome resistance in the moment. Um, purchasing EasyGrow at this point for you is a relentless way to affirm your new becoming self and also basically get what you want way faster as well, because it's way more advanced than the stuff you're gonna find here. So there's no obligation. You don't have to do it, but I'm encouraging you to, because what it's gonna do is reaffirm this identity and also it's gonna make me richer. That's kind of the whole... I'm being transparent with you. The whole reason I'm making these videos is to help you, so that you trust me and make money, so that you then pay me. Like, I'm making these videos for you so that you can get more successful, but ultimately I have a self-interest here. And I'm not ashamed to admit that. I'm gonna be completely transparent every time I pitch you, um, but if you think that this mindset training is good, then just you wait until you see the training we have on acquisition and booking appointments and sales in EasyGrow. I- i- it will blow your fucking mind. But for now, do these things, get them done, and well done, because you have completed the mindset module, Self Transcendence. You're never done with this stuff. You're gonna have to revisit these videos for years to come. It's gonna take you a long, long time to become this person. But you can now see it, and you now have a really clear idea, and I'm so proud of you for making it this far and listening to me and putting up with the, the sheer amount of ideas. And I also want to just let you know that, like, it's, it's taken me best part of half a year to make this. And that sounds like an exaggeration, but alongside running the business and stuff, like, I've poured m- my heart, my soul, my blood, my sweat, my tears into this. Not that you care about that or are concerned about that, but I want you to know that I did this for the previous version of myself. This kid here, who you can see, this guy here, I did it for him, and you are him. So that's why I did it. That's why I put so much effort into this, int- into week one and week two specifically. And the same amount of effort is gonna go into all the other videos as well. But, you know, it's, it's kind of like closing a, a loop for me, like, therapeutically speaking. Like, you know, I, I went through this, I learned the hard way, and now I get to, I get to basically, you know, make your life easier and help you get there faster and not suffer as much as I did. And that means something. That means a lot to me. So I, I hope you enjoyed Self Transcendence. It's been a crazy journey having built this, um, and also, you know, compiling all of my knowledge into Google Docs. It's not been straightforward, but it's certainly been worth it and definitely burned me out at times and it's had its way with me in many ways. But I hope you enjoyed it and I hope that you have the courage and the wisdom to apply it as I did and have, and I wish you the, nothing but the best of luck in your entrepreneurial pursuits. Now, I'm still gonna be with you for the rest of this program, and this is not goodbye, but I just feel like I need to get that off my chest because I've been, I've been working on this and nothing else for, like, (laughs) half a fucking year. So for you, it might have been a week or two, you know, maybe a month of learning. But for me, it's been pretty big chunk of my life. So yeah, that is Designing Reality. That's the end of Self Transcendence. I hope you enjoyed it. Be sure to do these action items and I will look forward to seeing you either in EasyGrow, hopefully, if I've done a good enough job here, or in the next season of this program. See you soon