# 6.3. Client Onboarding & Contracts

Hey, everyone. Charlie Morgan here, and welcome to client onboarding and contracts. So, in this video, we're going to cover a real simple three-step process to onboard new clients that you've signed as a result of your appointments and your sales calls. And I'm also going to walk you through a contract template that you can use to, um, have clients sign, um, and ultimately actually come on board, and basically for you guys to have this sort of digital handshake agreement, so to speak. So, let's hop into it. So, we're going to walk through the client integration checklist, the contract template itself, and then onboarding in three simple steps. It's a pretty short video because onboarding is very straightforward. Now, before we start, very important, you must have watched weeks one through five before st- watching week six. But also, there's no point in watching the onboarding if you don't know how to get clients, um, and you don't know how to book appointments. So, you need to have a sale t- to onboard a client. This isn't like a sales video. This is like, oh, the sale has happened. You've taken someone through a sales process. You got them closed, essentially, and now they just want to basically get integrated into your company for you to deliver results. So, welcome to client onboarding and contracts. In this resource, we'll explore how to create an onboarding process for your clients so that you can bring new clients on quickly and easily with as little work on your end as possible. Onboarding is the first step to delivering value, and it's totally crucial that we get it right. We'll also cover a basic contract template that you can use to send to clients to wrap up your services legally. Again, this contract is not legal advice, and you must consult a lawyer. So, without further ado, um, let's hop in and have a look. So, first of all, the client integration checklist is crucial. In order to onboard clients, you need to create something that I call an integration checklist. This is basically a list of actions the client needs to complete and take in order for you to do your job properly. This should be a collection of videos with super clear step-by-step instructions. So, what you need to tell a client is, like, "Hey, like, I'm going to do this work for you, but, you know, there's going to be a ton of things that you need access to." There's going to be a ton of things the client needs to create. And so what I actually did is I found the onboarding email template, and this is, this was years ago. This was a long time ago. Um, this is an, is an example of onboarding integration checklist that I had from my very first agency. So this was before even, um, this was before even, like, properly, like, running Northlow Consulting stuff, but it worked really well for me. Um, so what you can see here is I would send this via email to my clients. And admittedly, this wasn't perfect because I didn't have, like, a video walking through instructions and stuff, which I really should have had. Um, so what you can see is, like, and this was just an email that I would send to clients. "Thank you again for taking this on. Couple of things we need. Please find attached the, the terms of agreement as discussed." So obviously, like, I'd be, I'd, I'd, yeah, I sent over the terms, which obviously you're going to be doing through a software. I just didn't know how to use the software. Um, then you set expectation of how long it's going to take, and also expectation of how long you're going to take once you've received this information to get going. "Please reply to this email by forwarding it to us." So, yeah, first thing, I was like, I have to agree with ... And this is, by the way, this is a marketing agency for gyms, right? So this is like, yours is going to look totally different to mine. But I had to get the clients to, um, agree on the lead magnet in the offer. Then I had to get them to set up Mailchimp, the auto-responding email software that I used to use for clients. Then I had to have them set up Leadowl, which is kind of like a CRM, um, or software to track all the leads. Had to get them to set up Zapier. So all this, this software setup needed. Um, and clients were fine with this, by the way, like, these little fees to set these things up, because you, you can do it yourself, um, and pay for it yourself, but a lot of these softwares, like, they can get real expensive. So, it's up to you to decide if you want clients to pay for it or you want to pay for it. And you can just sometimes finesse it into the price. So, getting, I had to get them to set up Calendly as well. And again, this is a weak onboarding, um, but it's just an example. Like, I managed to onboard clients with this, but, like, what I should have done is given step-by-step instructions for everything, basically. Um, Facebook ad, so I used to use My ClickFunnels, um, for clients. I used to buy their domains for them. It was fine. So, Facebook page and ad account access. So, "Please deliver us with a business page. If you don't have one, we can create one." Um, and this was just an old, old email address. God, it's been a while, um, since ... Yeah, just some ... I, I, I can't remember. I, I, I don't even think this domain was legitimate. I think it was, I think I might have put this in as, like, a placeholder so that I could edit it in. I can't remember. Internal? I don't th- I don't ... Anyway, whatever. Um, so this was basically like, "Can I have access to your Facebook page?" Um, and then, like, this was, this was a bunch of instructions on, like, how to give me access to their ad accounts and ad account IDs for Facebook ads specifically. And then also, like, videos as well. So, like, what I'd do is I have a, I'd, I'd ask clients for, like, images and videos. It's like, "Hey, look, for me to run your Facebook ads, I need pictures of your gym." So, what I would do is give each client a Google Drive folder for them to upload professional pictures of their gym. Most of them had professional pictures. If, if they didn't, then we'd use stock images, right? I'd also ask them for, um, s- stories, transformations, and testimonials. So, like, you know, I'd be like, "Hey, like, I need to know about some people who have got really good results for you guys." Um, and this was awesome because, like, if, if they had, like, really good testimonials and stories, I could weave that, like, into, like, ad copy and it would crush. Um, so you kind of get a, a feel for that here. Unique selling point to the gym. So I'm obviously writing ad copy and building funnels, so it's kind of like, "Can you just let me know?" God, it's really all coming back to me now. I remember this very, very fondly. Um, communication. So, like, you know, just basically, um, here's how we're going to communicate. I used to communicate with clients on WhatsApp. Honestly, like, now that I think about this, like, this was fine. If you're wondering about your client communication, I would suggest you use WhatsApp. Um, if you're in America, you can always use iMessage or something. There are other tools and softwares you can use, but I wanted to have a very intimate relationship with my clients and have them be able to message me and ping me whenever. So, maybe set up, like, a Wat- I would s- honestly, I would suggest setting up, like, a WhatsApp business account. I know Americans don't use WhatsApp as much.But most business owners will use WhatsApp, um, and so a WhatsApp business account is the best way to communicate with clients, in my opinion. There's loads of tools to use, but it's the best, i- it's the most direct and simple for everyone. And also, it means that clients can contact you, so like, you know, if there's a problem, the last thing a client wants to have to do is go in a fucking email or write up an email. Like, just quick WhatsApp message usually gets it done. So, competition, I ask them, like, "Hey, have you got any competition in this space?" So I can see their ads. Um, "Who do you want us to target?" And then, like, a bunch of resources on how to run consultations, I put in here. And that's it. So, you kind of get the point, like, this was my 10-step onboarding that I would give to clients. Yours is gonna look very different. So, what I want you to do is make your integration checklist right now. And this is an action item. So, you can use the 6.2 SOPs and workflows video, the one that you watched earlier, um, to help with the onboarding workflow creation. 'Cause that, it's kind of like an SOP, right? It's an onboarding workflow. So, step one is make a list of everything that you need to do your job properly. So you should have your methodology at this point, from week three, and you should know what you're doing and what you're going to do for clients to get them results, or at least in, in a hypothesis form. And so you need to make a list of everything that you need to properly integrate. Then, organize this list into linear step-by-step instructions. So, step one, step two, step three. Then format this list neatly into Google Docs with thorough, detailed instructions and record a video. So this is the one thing that I was lacking here. You want to record a video explaining the steps and how to execute on them. And when you onboard a new client, you send them this document, and it is as simple as that. Now, some of you might not even need to do this. Like, for example, like, when you join EasyGrow, so as, as a kind, sort of, high-ticket program or, like, a course, um, we don't have an onboarding set of criteria, because all we need is just payment and then, um, a agreement signed and we can just give you access. And it's kind of like the, the program will walk you through all the action items you need to take to get integrated with the content, right? But most of you aren't going to have that luxury. So, in here, be sure to set timeframe expectations of when you'll start and the length of the onboarding, and also include signing the contract as part of the onboarding as well. So it's kind of like, you know, "Hey, we can't onboard you unless you sign the contract." Very important, okay? So go ahead and do that now. Shouldn't take you long. Very simple to make. Done. So, contract template or services agreement. So here's a services agreement template. Now, again, you're probably sick of this disclaimer, but this is a template, it's not legal advice, and you should always seek the advice of a lawyer before using any legal document templates from this program. These documents are not legal advice. I'm not a lawyer, and I recommend you consult a qualified lawyer before using any templated legal documents found in this program. And if you want a software to use, um, I would suggest you just use DocuSign for all your signing. There'll actually be a link that you can click here, and it'll be an affiliate link of mine, um, by the time that you come to watch this video. So I'd really appreciate it if you use that, because DocuSign will pay us and, you know, it might, it's just a, it would just mean a lot to me if you do that. Um, it's trustworthy, professional, and easy to use, and we use, um, we use this for our company and we've never had any trouble before. So, DocuSign's great. If you just download this document or you just click on it in the resources section, there'll be a link there to register with DocuSign that will help me make money, which would be great, if you want to do that. Thanks. So here's the template. Um, the things in yellow are the things that you need to edit for every client. And so you can kind of see this here. Um, I'm not going to read through this for fa- fa- fairly obvious reasons. Um, very simple, very, very straightforward template agreement. Now, for some reason, this morning, um, all of the images in Google Docs aren't working (clears throat) or loading. You can tell by the corner in here where we usually have the IA logo. So, hopefully, Google fixes itself and there's just, like, a little handshake icon here, which you can delete if you want to, but I like to keep it in, well, I did for my client. So yeah, at 6:30 on a Thursday, they just seemed to be, like, slacking. So I don't know. Anyway, um, so yeah, you can kind of get the point here. Um, just go ahead and edit these and read through it and make any adjustments that you want to make, and as always, please consult a lawyer before making any, any legal decisions, right? That old chestnut. So that's that. Pretty simple, and you can put that in there. Okay. So, onboarding in three steps. So again, really simple. First of all, we're taking payment. So, what you need to understand is the first thing we do is we take payment. We don't, like, all of my clients, I've signed 4,500 clients, there's three steps. You take the payment first, then you send the contract, then you send the onboarding fee, on, on, the onboarding, um, instructions, the integration checklist. And the reason we do this is because if you don't get them closed on the call, or you don't get the payment, then the contract's going to frighten them and the onboarding's going to seem overwhelming and it just looks like a lot of work. So, always take the payment first, and trust me, people will expect to be paying before work is completed. We do not invoice pro rata, or whatever the hell it's called. We do not do the work and then wait for payment. Like, "Oh, I'll just send you an invoice and you can pay it in 30 days and done." You won't get paid. You won't. It's digital inf- it's digital business. You will not get paid, okay? Or at least you won't consistently. So take payment first. So you agree on payment terms with the client, then you send relevant payment link or take card details, and then you check Stripe or processors to res- confirm receipt of payment. And people will be perfectly happy to give their card details over the phone, by the way. Like, especially if you send them a PayFunnel link. If you're not sure what that is, then you haven't followed my instructions because you haven't done this program in step-by-step format. So, see video 1.8 Business Set Up in week one for payment processing. But if you haven't watched that video yet, then you need to go back to week one and video one and watch it from the beginning, because this is a...... set up from scratch thing, and if you're just skipping ahead, you're being an idiot. So please don't do that. So, if the payment fails, um, using the software that I've recommended in this video, ask them to retry. If it, if it still fails, then you can ask them to check their email or SMS from the bank. If nothing, then try processing a smaller amount with a custom link just to get some payment in and get the rest later. If that process is, try the orig- retry the orig- original link, create a custom one minus a smaller amount. If nothing, tell them to call the bank while you hold. If they can't contact the bank, try and secure a $100 deposit, or, um, this is the big one ... or bank transfer the payment. Um, yeah, or transfer the payment. So basically, like, if, if for whatever reason they're just like, you really can't get anything o- over the line, and like their bank's just blocking the payment, then you can either go for a $100 deposit or you can just say, "Hey, okay, no worries, isn't working, just send me a bank transfer for the full amount." And then request a specific date and time to retry the cha- th- the charge on their end, and this will be done in Stripe. And you can do this in Stripe with instructions from Stripe. Okay? So that's how to take a payment once you've got someone's agreement on the sales call that they want to go ahead. Step two is a DocuSign contract, and this is to be done whilst on the Zoom call. So you say like, "Hey, well you've paid. This is really exciting. We're gonna get you onboard. I'm gonna send you a DocuSign agreement via email. Um, this needs to be signed before we can acc- before we can grant access to anything, or before we can send you the onboarding material. And advise the client so if they have any questions, they're welcome to contact you via email." If the prospect has, or client has, contract-related questions, answer them. They're a client at this point, not a cli- not a prospect. You should know the contract inside and out. Eventually, you'll know the answers to common questions. It's rare prospects question the agreement. You, and if you're, if you're including a guarantee, you need to add this to the contract, by the way. So you see this contract template here? This is a guarantee-less contract. So if you have a con- if you have a guarantee, then you're gonna wanna just pop it on the end here, with all your terms and all your, all the things that you associate with that, okay? Um, but not everyone will have one, so I purposely didn't include one, because I don't want anyone tripping up. But if you have one, then you need to add it, okay? Um, and that's, that's pretty much like the, the, the, the first two steps. So you can do this by going to DocuSign, go to Templates. If you don't ... You won't have any templates yet, but once you've got your contract templated, you can add it as a template, which is great. Um, then you add the prospect's name and email address that they want to use to log in to the program. I put program here, but for, for communication whatever. Um, yep, sign it yourself, and then click Send. And download the terms, install them on your computer. And this is really, really helpful, because, like, you know, you kind of just want to have these terms on your computer available in case someone wants to see them on a sales call. Um, now this is really crucial here. So, what you want to do on the call ... So you basically take the payment, and then you say, "Great, okay, I'm going to send you the contract via email." And nobody will care that you've taken payment before sending contract except from like one, maybe like a hundred people. Unless you're working with lawyers or something, I don't know. So then what you do is you advise the client that we can only send the onboarding email and access to anything once the DocuSign is complete, and that we have a next day cutoff to send them access. So if they've paid today and signed terms today, that mean we'll send them the access or onboarding email tomorrow morning. This is crucial. Crucial. Let me explain. So let's say that you're a client of mine and you've just paid me. And then you're like, "Hey, okay, I've just paid you," and we send you the DocuSign. And you sign the DocuSign. I say, "Okay, we will send you access to the onboarding material tomorrow." The reason we do this is, if the prospect asks why, just say it's because we have an internal meeting about every client before giving them access and creating their account. New accounts are typically created at the AM next day. So first of all, it's like an SOP, it's just a procedure. But the real reason we wait till tomorrow is to let the decision sink in and solidify. So by forcing them to sleep on their decision, they're sleeping on their decision and they won't change their mind. By the morning, they'll have convinced themselves it's the right thing to do and are super excited to dive into the onboarding or accessibles that you're going to grant. Immediate access or immediate onboarding will mess with the psychological buy-in confirmation, as any emotional doubts can be mistakenly confirmed with immediate access. So, basically, what you don't want to do is sign someone, have them in this massive emotional high, send them this massive list of onboarding, and then have them freak out and panic. By letting them sleep on their decision, they will wake up thinking it's the right decision. Like, that confirmation always sets in because they, they haven't had any contact with the product yet. And so this is, this is one way that I've found to drastically reduce people changing their minds or doing 180s or anything like that. And again, always get payment before sending terms. And then step three is just sending the integration checklist. So once the payment is taken and the DocuSign is complete, you can send over your onboarding integration checklist, um, you know, with the video, remember, to the client. So you want to make sure it's a company with step-by-step instructions and ask the client to do it as soon as possible so you can get the work as soon as possible. And that's really it. Like, the onboarding, it, it's pretty straightforward. It's just payment on the phone, on the call, contract on the call, and then integration checklist the next day. And then they'll finish that integration checklist, give you access to everything. You might need to set up some Google Drive, some spreadsheets, et cetera. And then you can just, you can just sort of machine this. And then eventually you can have your virtual assistant do this for you. And it's awesome. So yeah, that is everything for client onboarding and contracts, and I will see you in the next one.