# 6.4. Managing Finances & Cashflow

(instrumental music plays) Hey, everyone. Charlie Morgan here, and welcome to Managing Finances and Cash Flow. So in this video, we're going to be going over a brief, uh, beginning entrepreneur master class on how to manage your finances, how to manage your cash flow, how to keep a track of everything, what software to use, wha- how to, how to use bookkeepers, and basically how to keep a bird's eye view on your finances. Most entrepreneurs are absolutely terrible at this. And the reason most entrepreneurs are terrible at this is simply because they've never learned how. As we grow up, um, as kids and as adults, no one ever teaches us financial management. It's not taught in schools, it's not taught in universities, it's, it's not taught by our parents 'cause they don't know how to do it, and there's no one to show us how to do it. And so what happens is, you know, when you take the average person, i.e. you, right? Not that you're average, but you get my point. When you take a ... When a normal person starts a business and you put a business on top of them, it usually drastically reveals a serious financial incompetency because you've never learned. And, you know, managing money, and managing cash flow, and keeping a track of your finances, and keeping everything in check from a financial perspective is a skill. And it's a skill that, you know, some people take thousands of hours to learn properly if you want, if you want to be a financial advisor or something. And it takes some real time, and it takes some real grit. And so what we're gonna be doing in this video is I wanna walk you through the basics and the best place to start when it comes to financial management. Um, these are the techniques and strategies that I used for, to manage my cash flow and to manage my finances up until the point where my business started making serious money. So this is gonna be good for you. Anything sort of, you know, anything to 30K a month, 50K a month, you'll, you'll be able to use these systems and you'll be able to use these sheets. There's plenty of room for growth with, with this thing here. Um, but as soon as you get to sort of, like, the seven-figure mark, you know, you get to multi seven-figure mark, eight-figure mark, you need to get a little bit more nuanced with your finances, um, and that's where it gets a little bit chaotic. You're gonna have to start making hires around it and stuff. But as a solopreneur, as a start-out person who's making a couple of grand a month, 10 grand a month, 20 grand a month, 30 grand a month in your infancy, I know that 30 grand a month might not seem like infancy, but trust me, it is, um, there's a few things to bear in mind. And th- this is crucial. Like, look, every video up until now, the last 41 videos that you've watched in this program, this one being, I think, the last one or one of the last, you've ... I've been teaching you how to make money, right? And how to start the business, create the offer, pick the niche, find a solution, validate the solution, um, you know, build, build the mindset to do the work and be motivated, get a methodology in place, hypothesi- hypothesize that, learn how to do sales calls, learn how to book appointments, learn how to onboard clients. Like, you're, you're now a money-making machine. You can now make money. You have the, the, the knowledge to go ahead and do it. If you've done the action items and you're doing the work, you'll start signing clients. And it's only really right that I round off this program with a quick lesson on how to keep it, because most people are terrible with money. I was at the beginning. You will be at the beginning. Most people are awful with it. Most people spend it as quickly as it comes in, as quickly as it goes out. We, we need to learn to manage this stuff. And so what I'm gonna do in this video is give you some, um, some ideas and some tools and some frameworks for financial management so that you can actually keep money and grow your finances. Because what a lot of people will do is they'll, they'll get their first client and that thousand, that thousand dollars or $3,000, however much it is, that first client, you've probably already planned how you're gonna spend it, and you're probably already thinking about what you're gonna do with the money, and it's probably all material and the traveling. That's how you fail, and that's how you're gonna die. And I'm not saying that you shouldn't have ambitions and dreams and things that you want, but you need to learn to keep that shit in check. Otherwise, the business just serves the purpose of furthering your ego and your personal life becomes this sort of black hole that just sucks the entire business into it. And if you want to dr- if you want to be truly financially free, then you have to practice constraint for really, like, sometimes a decade, or at least half a decade. Like, it's funny that the, the, the route to freedom is through constraint. And so, with that said, let's hop into managing finances and cash flow. So keeping, not making, financial basics, financial tracker, and the best accounting software. That's what we're gonna get into, okay? So welcome to Managing Cash Flow and Finances. In this quick video, we'll explore some simple tools to keep a track of your company finances, the money coming in, and the money going out. Finances need to be managed on a daily, weekly, and monthly basis. It's a job. It's something that you need to do all the time. Now, you don't need anything mad, right? I'm not gonna give you, like ... Some of the ... If you saw some of the shit that we had to do, like at the eight-figure level to, to keep a track of finances and stuff, like, you'd probably, you'd probably have a stroke. (laughs) Um, so you don't need anything crazy. We just need some basic tools and some basic ideas. Um, you know, you're a start-out solopreneur, so I'm gonna give you the tools I personally used at the start of my journey to keep track of everything. So the first lesson to managing finances is it's all about keeping money, not making it. Believe it or not, keeping money is way harder than making it. I know you might not believe that yet, because up until now, you found it so hard to make, but the keeping it, that's the tough part. Once it's sat there, like, trust me, like, once y- Okay, look. When you have money, there is a temptation every day to spend it. There is an impulse every day to spend it. Like, you're gonna be ... You're gonna just have this constant urge and constant impulse to just spend, spend, spend, spend, spend, because it's there. 'Cause that's how normal human beings live. They see money, and they wanna spend it. But what you need to learn to do is see money as a tool to make more money, not to further your ego or fulfill impulsive desires. And so where, with where I'm at right now, like, I can open a bank account right now and see, like, in cash, like, lots of money. Like, you know, many millions of dollars, right? And so it's important that I keep myself in check, because I could, like, if I wanted to, I could, um, raise a dividend, um, take out the money.I could take out, like, millions of dollars and go and buy something stupid right now. I could ... L- I ... Like, today, if I wanted to do that, I could. And having that, uh, power is, yeah, gr- feels great and everything, but you need to tamper that down. It's no ... Me going and spending a million dollars is probably no different from you going and spending, like, a couple of thousand. And I don't mean that in, like, some egotistical way, but the, the point is, is that the way that you treat thousands is the way that you will treat tens of thousands, which is the way that you will treat hu- hundreds of thousands, which is the way that you will treat millions and millions and millions. And so, you need to learn to do this and keep your impulses in check from the first thousand dollars, because if you can't do that, then you're not gonna grow that thousand dollars into 10,000, into 100,000, into a million, into 10 million, into 100 million. And so, you know, I've been able to keep my- myself in check all the way through here to the point now where we're, we're, we're liquid for days. We've got, you know, lots of cash. And that money is never gonna be touched, because I know that I can take the 10, 20, 30 million and I can turn that into, um, 100 million, 200 million, 300 million. And then, I can turn that into a billion, two billion, three billion, right? So, at this point in the training, you understand how to start your own business, get clients, deliver results, and make money. But making money isn't the only thing. You also need to be able to keep it. I know this might sound stupid, but it's all about keeping it, not making it. It's harder to keep money than it is to make it. Most people who spend money c- spend s- ... Most people who make money spend the same amount of money and end up keeping zero. So, I've been through this stage. Like, I've done the whole Dubai lifestyle thing. I lived on the Palm in Dubai. I've had the cars, I've done the watches things, I bought the clothes. Like, I did the whole stupid shit, and then I realized it was just empty and dull and doesn't really, really do anything for you except for make you look rich in front of people who you don't even care about anyway. And this is because they know nothing about finance and cashflow management. The argument is very simple. Revenue is vanity and profit is sanity. Like, profit is the only thing that really matters, and it's how much you keep, not how much you make. Now, there's an interesting fact here, because we all know about the Forbes Rich List, right? But on the Forbes Rich List, there's more self-made billionaires than there are inherited billionaires. And at first glance, this doesn't make any sense, because it's way easier to inherit a billion dollars than it is to make a billion dollars. So, what the fuck? Why, why, why is there more self-made people than inherited? All the billionaires that die and pass their wealth onto their heirs, so why isn't the Rich List just full of billionaire heirs? Why isn't that the case? Well, there's a simple truth. It's because it's way harder to manage and keep money than it is to make it. So, when you're self-made, you know, when you're, like, a self-made billionaire, which is what I will be in the future, you can basically, like ... You know how to manage money, 'cause to get to the point where you've got a billion, you have to learn to manage hundreds of millions, tens of millions, millions, right? And so, it's a step up. And that means, when you get there, like, you can keep growing it and it will consistently compound. But when you're inherited, you don't really have the skills, you don't really respect money, you don't really understand money, and you're screwed. This is, it isn't about how much you make, it's about how much you keep. So, here's where everyone goes wrong. So, most people starting businesses who make money do not keep their financials clean and organized. They have receipts everywhere, expenses on business and personal accounts, and no idea of what they're spending or what their profit even is. Most people never learn how accounting works, and misjudge their true earnings, and get slaughtered by unexpected taxes. Most people leave accounting and tax returns to the last minute, and when they're forced to file taxes, it takes them weeks to figure everything out, well, they make mistakes and mess it up, and this is irresponsible. Like, if you're a starting entrepreneur, which you are, your first tax year is gonna hit you like a cold hard slap in the face. So, you need to calculate and forecast, like, how much money do you need to save and put aside to pay your taxes? Because, like, for example, here in the UK, we have a 25% profit tax, which is, by the way, absolutely fucking criminal, but we'll talk about that another day. A 25% profit tax on company earnings. And so, if your company makes $100,000, then you need to put aside 20, um ... Uh, let's say you profit $100,000, then you need to put aside $25,000 to make sure that you can pay the taxes when the government asks for them. In the same way that your personal taxes, you can't just take money in ... You can't just keep taking money out of the company without putting aside a significant proportion of that for taxes. And if you don't do that, like, you're gonna be ... Like, m- I remember my first tax bill, when I made my first, like, 100 grand in a year or, like, I think it was, like, 150 grand in a year or something, after, like, a year, my fir- my first year. Like, um, ha, I was like, I was like, "Yeah, I made all this money," and I basically, like, spent it all, 'cause I was just an idiot. Um, I didn't really have anything left. I just, I was just, I would just spend and spend and spend. And, you know, I went to ... I, I ... My, my accountant, I, I was like, "Okay, I need to just do my tax return." And my tax bill was, like, was, like, 30 grand or something or 40 grand or something stupid like that, maybe even 50 grand. And I didn't have that money. Huh. So, I ... I literally did not have the money to pay the taxes. And so, the good thing is that, obviously, you have, like, this extension period. So, literally, every dollar that I made for the business for the, for the foreseeing, like, few months, um, went to this tax bill. And that really hurt, because, you know, my ... I s- I got used to living a certain lifestyle, and suddenly I couldn't afford anything anymore, 'cause, you know, for the, for the la- for ... I had to literally pay, like, £40,000 in tax. Um, and that was due to, mm, mistakes on my end and overspending and not keeping a proper track of finances and taking out money whenever I wanted and just I didn't know the rules. And you kind of need to understand the rules to be careful. So, everyone focuses on trying to get clients and marketing, but not the financial management. And the most successful entrepreneurs focus on both. So, you know, obviously, like, we all wanna make money, we all wanna get appointments, we wanna book ... Get clients and stuff. But all of that, there's no real point in doing any of that if you don't really keep the money that you make as a result of it. So, most people spend their money from business on ... Sorry, most people spend their money from the business on personal expenses like cars, watches, fancy shit, dinners, vacations, traveling, et cetera. This only delivers short-term gratification and is not smart at all.So, think of it like a relationship. There's no point in chasing, courting, or seducing someone if you can't keep the person. Relationships need to be managed just as much as they need to be started or initiated. Now, we all know someone that has shit loads of shallow relationships that just ends up as, th- they just end as fast as they started, and this is most people or most new entrepreneurs with money. So you know that, like, you probably got a mate or a friend that just, like, can't seem to keep a girlfriend or a boyfriend, and it's like, they just, like, they'll go through, like, they'll, they'll find a new person and be like, "Oh my God, love you." And then, like, literally a couple of weeks later, they break up with that person because they just, like, they just, they just const- they just, they just can't seem to keep anyone. And it's kinda the same thing with money. Like, a lot of people, they make this, this money real quick and then, like, pretty much immediately, they just, they just, they're dead in the water then. Th- this is done, you know? They're just like, "Oh, shit, I'm, I've spent my money. Don't know how." So, financial basics. So, let's start with the real basic stuff so you can run your business with financial responsibility. So, first of all, you wanna make sure you've registered your business officially with your government, and if you don't know how to do this, we cover this in week one in video 1.8, which you should have watched because I've given you instructions many times here to go through the videos in order. Second of all, you wanna have two separate... And we'll just break this line. Second of all, you wanna have two separate bank accounts, so you wanna have a business account and a personal account. And inside of each account, you want a checking account and a savings account. So, checking is what you use for, to spend the money and savings is what you use to save the money, right? So, you might have your personal account and your business account. Do not use your personal account for business transactions because you will get slaughtered by tax and you will just be absolutely annihilated by the government. You wanna have two separate debit or credit cards, business card and personal card. I do, I know people that have, like, five credit cards and, like, three bank accounts, like, what the fuck? Why are you like... That's, that's, like, that's, like, that's, like, eight-figure shit. Like, you know, e- even now, like, with where we're at in our company, in eight figures, we've got, like, I think, like, th- four banks and then, like, a bunch of different cards. And that's chaos, and that's, that's, that's a nightmare to manage, but I don't know how some people do it when they've got, like, "Oh, yeah, I've gotta have, like... I need to get, like, my hotel points and my flight points, so I'm gonna have this credit card and then this credit card, and then I'm also gonna use this." It's not worth the points, man. (laughs) Like, you want one card for your personal life and one card for your business life, and honestly, just use a debit card. Like, credit cards are great and everything if you have the discipline to pay them off, but most people are absolutely fucked by their credit cards because they think they can manage the debt and they think they can pay everything off, but then they can't because, well, just look at the average human with a credit card. They're an absolute nightmare with it. They're a menace, a financial menace. So, I would avoid credit cards and just use debit. For me personally, I never, I've never had a credit card in my life, personally. We have one for the company because we use it to pay for ads, and that's efficient, but my personal expenses have always been through debit, and we only have, we only have, like, a very small amount of credit cards for the company, and we use them for very specific reasons and nothing else. I'm not gonna be like, "Oh, I'm just gonna put my holiday on the Amex, like, so we can get the points." It's like, you're just gonna get fucked. Like, it's just, it... Like, you do not want to be incentivized to enter debt, so don't do it. It's stupid. Unless you absolutely know for sure that you can pay it off, but you probably can't because the average person is terrible with a credit card, and you are the average person from a financial management standpoint. And if you don't believe me, then just ask the question, how many hours have you spent trying to manage finances intentionally in the past? Zero. Maybe a couple of hours. So, you're not an expert, you don't know what you're doing, so don't do it. It's a trap. Same thing with loans and stuff. So, put all the business expenses on the business card and account and all the personal expenses on the personal card and account. So, you wanna separate this. Like, you don't wanna get your wires crossed over here. Like, I know this sounds simple, but y- you need to be told this. You need to be taught the basics. Like, don't... Like, if you're, if you're buying, like, um, if you're buying something for the company, then you wanna use your company account because you can use it as a tax-deductible business expense. And if you're buying something personally, then you want to use your personal account. Otherwise, the government can count that as income, and you're gonna get taxed through your fucking brain. So, anytime you sign up for anything related to a business email, store receipts in a folder in your emails and also in Google Drive. So, you wanna store... Every time that you spend money on anything, like, store the receipt in a Google Drive. Now, not necessarily for your personal, because you don't, y- maybe, maybe if you're doing, like, a personal tax return, but, like, I would basically just get, every time you spend money from the business, get the receipt. It doesn't matter if you're going to dinner. Take a client to dinner, get the receipt, take a picture, upload it to your Google Drive there and then. I've done that in restaurants before. Like, I'll be at, like, client dinners and, like, I get the bill, and then I'll just quickly take a picture of it with my flash on, looking like an idiot, and then, like, before anyone... before I say anything to anyone and con- continue conversations or order more drinks, whatever, I'm, I open Google Drive on my phone and put the receipt in there. That's how... I, I, I can do that when I'm drunk, right? (laughs) So, you need to learn to do that when you're sober. So, keep all of your physical receipts and business receipts, and store them in a dedicated folder on Google Drive and keep everything minimal and simple. So, one card, one account, one merchant, one email, et cetera. Less is better, okay? Trust me on this. So, you wanna discipline yourself financially with these rules. So, check your bank accounts daily and always keep an a- honest, transparent, and realistic view of your financial position. So, a lot of people, they won't even look at their bank account. Like, they, they're, they're afraid to look. It's like, you know, they're like, "Oh, shit." Like, "I'm..." It's, it's, it's, it's ridiculous. Like, people just bury their heads in the sand and just don't look, and that's just irresponsible. Keep all your receipts and store them in a Google Drive. Now, when you make money, just let it sit in your business bank account. Don't give in to the impulse to move it or spend it. So, when you sign your first client and you see a couple of thousand dollars sat there, leave it. Don't be a monkey with it, just leave it. Learn to see money in your business account as your war chest that's there to help you make even more money, not buy things. So, you wanna become disciplined with this, and I've been do- I've done this for 10 years, and this is hard, but I have a salary and that's it. So, like, the way that I operate financially within my company is I receive the same amount of money every single month personally, and that's all I get to spend personally. And that's it. Now, yeah, I've been an idiot in the past. I've, I've, I've, I've ventured off the beaten track financially before with Dubai and other shit and buying stupid shit, and I always regret it. But for the most part, I've received the same amount of money from my company as a salary in the same way that a CEO would be paid by a company. And that way, like, my financial, my war chest in my company is just fucking, it's just massive. And it's like, you know, and I can look at it and be like, "Okay, so, like, now if I need to go and, like, if we need to buy an office for a couple of million, like, okay, there we go. Bought, bought the office, bought the asset, and then we can put it on the books." Or if I need to go and make a, a massive hire and hire, like, a CEO or a COO for, like, 300, 400K a year and they want a signing bonus of 50K, I'm like, "Okay, here we go. Done." So, you see my point? It's like, you need to see your business account as your war chest, and your personal, your personal finances, you shouldn't want to make that much money. Like, this should be about building a proper company and building proper commercial valuation and building a machine that multiplies money. You can enjoy the fruits of your labor in 10, 20 years, and I know that that's, like, hard to accept, but, like, that's how you win. Like, that's how you build a genuine long-term advantage in business because you've got more money than everyone and you can out-compete everyone. You can buy the yacht, you can buy the car, you can buy the watch, you can, you can buy the house. Just wait 10 years. Wait-

... 20 years. Even me now, like, you know, I'm like, you know, very disciplined. Considering how much money we make and how much money we have, like I don't, I ... Now, don't get me wrong. I'd love to go and buy all this shit, like the material stuff and like ... It'd be great. Like, it'd be, feel great to buy it. The dopamine would be insane. I'd probably be miserable afterwards. But, you know, I still get the impulse to be like, "Oh, what about like this car?" Like, "Oh, it's just this ... It's only like 20% of what we made last month." But it's like, you have to keep that thing in check. And I just tell myself like, "Okay, I can just ... If, if, if I still want it when I'm like 35, I can buy it." Do you know what I mean? It's like if I still want it in like five years, then it's probably a good idea to buy it. And so you need to keep this ... Every time you get this impulse to buy something stupid or spend money in a stupid way, just be like, "Hey, if I still want that in a couple of years, then I'll buy it." And honestly, man, like a couple of years is nothing when you're in your 20s and your 30s. Like, it doesn't matter at all. And then that way, when I get to like 30 or 40, like 35, 40 years old, like, you know, I'm 27 now, so like another 7 to 10 years, um, when I get to that point where I'm in my late 30s, I'll be like, "Fuck it. I've got like 200 mil, 300 mil liquid. Like, if I want to go and like buy a supercar for 500 grand, then that's fine "'cause the interest will cover it in a heartbeat." And it's the same thing. You can ... I can do that now, but it's like, it's just not, I'm just not at the point. I, I, like, it's ... I'm not at the point where I can really just spend like a million dollars in a month and not even notice. Do you know what I mean? Um. Well, to be fair, but yeah. I don't know, but you get my point. Either way, it's, that's just my perception of things. So poor people buy fancy shit so they can look richer than they are, and smart people reinvest money back into the business. So the reason people are poor is because they do things that keep them poor. And guess what keeps you poor? Spending money. Like a poor person is a person with no money. A poorer person is a person who had money and spends it. And the reason that that is the case is because you're in so much pain because you know what it's like to have it and now you don't have it anymore. So you want to keep track of your monthly income and expenses, personal and business, at all times so you can forecast things and know your financial position, so you can make better decisions and investments. And the financial tracker. So you want to use this sheet to keep a track of your finances. So this is pretty awesome, um, that I've got for you here. So this is something that I used to basically keep a log of all my finances, um, for quite a while before we grew out of the sheet. So what you have is you have your line items, which is basically your bank statement but in spreadsheet form that you have to log every single month to keep an idea of everything that's going on. Then you have your cash flows, your, your forecasts, your business expenses, and your personal expenses. So let me walk you through this. So every month what you want to do is come into your line item sheet and you want to put in what you've made and what you've spent. And so for example, like the item would be like, you know, um, payment from John Smith, like client one, and that amount might be $2,000 Now, I've formatted this to save pounds. Um, if you want to reformat it to save dollars, then you can go to format, number, and then you can go to custom currency and select dollars, like this, or euro or whatever your, whatever your currency might be, right? Mine's in pounds because I used to do this in pounds, and I'm ... Again, I'm giving you things that I used to use. Um, but if you want to reformat the currency, then you can do that. So let's say that we had a payment from John Smith. Let's say we had a payment from Will Smith for £4,000 'cause he paid for two products, whatever, and we had a payment from, um, Jayden Smith for, you know, £2,000. So let's say that we sold like, you know, um, you know, four deals, whatever, which means that the total income will be £8,000. And then what you can do is you can put in here all your expenses, and you want to go to your, you open your bank account for your business, okay? You do this for your personal as well, but you open your bank account for your business and what you do is you go in there and you, you put in what you've spent and the amount you've spent on it. So for example, office, um, office rent could be like £800, and you put in like, um, phone bill, which could be £30, right? And everything, right? So even, even something as small as like, um, coffee, um, for a client, which could be £3, right? You put everything in here. If you need to add more lengths, you can do so by just clicking here, right And what this will do is you put them all in, and then this way you become conscious of what you're spending on a, on a business level. And you can also do this personally if you want to just duplicate this like this. Um, and then you can see exactly what you've spent and then the profit or loss for the month. And this was just like, you know, you can ... Yeah, there's like, there's softwares and automations and AIs and stuff that can show you this, but the pain that you will feel from putting expenses in here that you know you shouldn't have spent is significant enough for you to not spend them again, which is why I like to do it. And so you want to do this at the end of every single month, like on the first, um, on, on the last weekend of every month. Like, sorry, the first weekend of every month, you do last week's line items, and you need to put it in your calendar to do it. And the reason you wait until the next month is so that you've obviously had the full month elapse before you, you start calculating. And so, oh, you can see here I accidentally left a payment on. This was actually like a, I copy and pasted this sheet from when I used to fill it out. Um, so you can see I made $730, th- pound- $1,000 on Stripe at some point in April of whatever year that was. Okay? So you can do this here. You want to have this for every single month, every single year. It'll keep you nice, keep you nice and accountable. Then you've got your cash flows, and so what you want to also do is forecast your, um, your cash flow projections And so, you know, what you want to do here is put in your offers and the price of the offer. So let's say we've got, you know, service one, which is £3,000, and service two, which is £1,000. Now, you're probably only gonna have like, you know, m... one service, but, you know, if you do, like, some, some odd job for, you know, £400, um, then you can obviously put that in as well. So let's say that you only have one service and you're pricing it at 3K. And what you can do is... What you wanna do at the start of every month is put in how much, how many sales you expect to make. And so you need to get good at forecasting, so let's say you want to make six sales. And then what you need to do is you also, at the end of every month, need to put in how many sales you actually made. And what this will do is it will show you the discrepancy between what you thought you were going to make and what you actually made, okay? And the reason that this is important to do is because it gets you in the brain space of trying to forecast how much you're making, and this is awesome because, again, it's like financial management is honestly just awareness. And, you know, in the beginning you're probably going to be way off because you're going to think you're going to make way more sales than you are, and you also want to do this with all of your expenses as well. So you want to be like, how much do you expect to, to spend on your staff? And this might be like, I expect to spend 4,000. And how much do you expect to spend on advertising? Maybe like a thousand, right? And you can add more expense categories in here for yourself. These are just some general ones for now, so you can add them in. And at the end of the month, you come in and you put in how much you actually spent on these things, and then you can see the discrepancy between what you thought you were going to spend and what you actually spent, and what you thought you were going to make and you actually made. And this way, over time, after doing this for like a year or two, you're going to get very good at predicting specifically what you're going to make and specifically what you're going to spend, which allows you to spend less and make more, believe it or not. So you want to go ahead and do that, and do it every single month, keep the projections going, and, you know, you'll have them for a full year and you'll become, you'll get better and better at this as you do it, and more and more accurate, and more and more accurate. Then you want to put your business expenses in here. So, like, just the monthly expenses that you know you keep occurring, becoming aware of them and just putting them in here. And the same thing for your personal expenses in here. You can also add more categories if you want, just by, you know, going here and being like, "New category." Um, but I'll leave it up to you. And so these ones are pretty self-explanatory. You just, you put them in here and you can just see the cost and... And this is your, like, typical monthly outgoings based on a couple of months of, of data. And I can tell you, um, that the people that really make it and succeed are the ones that use this spreadsheet, um, consistently. Like, if you want to get to that multi-ci... Like, there's no way of staying at six figures or multi-six figures if you don't keep a log of your finances, because you'll just make money and just spend it immediately without any awareness. You'll just be this sort of like revolving door of cash. So use this sheet and keep a track of your finances at all times. So most people get super lazy with their finances and let complexity and expenses stack up without being aware of what they're spending from a business and a personal perspective. So you want to keep a track of all your financial comings and goings with the sheet above. You want to bookmark this sheet, cherish it, worship it, and get into the habit of filling it out weekly and monthly. Now every few months, you want to spend one to two days going over all areas of your business and personal finances in detail and looking for areas where you can trim expenses and make it more efficient. We do this monthly. So this should say strip. So what you want to get into the habit of doing, like, every couple of months is just look at the business, like look at the line items. Like, go to your tracker and just be like, "What can I get rid of? What can I cut out? What can I make cheaper?" Like, uh, you know, just get rid of everything you don't use. And you want to shift your financial and money mindset or paradigm. Instead of seeing your business as a tool to make you more money, you want to learn to see it as a machine that you can feed to multiply money. You want to cycle the funds around through a feedback loop and scale that damn thing up. So basically, like, stop looking at your business as a way for you to make more money, and start looking at your business and your money in your business account as a way for your money to make more money. It's a feedback loop and you can go exponential with your income, um, and you can buy everything you want and more just when you've got the money to do it. And you want to hire a proper accountant when it comes to filling, filing your taxes and knowing how to manage taxes properly. A good accountant will cost you a lot of money, but will save you more money than they cost you, and it's an honestly mad ROI. Like, look, if you're in the UK, I'd recommend that you use this firm here. Um, they're called TaxGem. These are the people that I've used, um, in the past. Steph is the owner and she's fab. And, you know, like, the amount of money that these guys have saved me is fucking biblical. Like, it's, it's like, yeah, they're, they're, it's an accounting, it's an accounting firm. They cost money. You have to pay them. Like, the fees aren't tiny because they're talented, but it's like the amount of money (laughs) that they've saved me is ri-... Like, I, I could give you probably 10 examples of, like, times that these guys have just saved us like tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands of pounds or dollars just through good advice. Probably even millions, to be honest. And, you know, compared to what we've paid them, that's, that's a, that's a, it's a, it's a drop in the ocean. So if you are in the UK and you want a good accounting firm for, um, incorporation or just general accounting, then, um, you can go here and, um, you can just email them or give them a call and just let them know that Charlie sent you. Um, they'll know who I am. I, me and Steph are like really good mates. Um, I'd honestly tr- I trust Steph with my life. Like, I would not be... I would not recommend any other accounting firm because I've had some accounting firms before and they've all sucked, but TaxGem are fucking brilliant. So that's just UK based. Again, I don't... There's actually no kickback here, so if you work with them, like, they won't, I'm not going to get a kickback. I just recommend them because honestly I love them and I owe them millions of dollars. I'm not in debt, but they've just made me so much money from, um, this stuff, okay? Specifically with like Dubai moving, like incorporation, like banking structures, like, they're fantastic. So anyway, that's that bit overSo what you're also going to want to do is use this accounting software. So it's called QuickBooks. If you register here, this is an affiliate link of mine, so I'd appreciate it if you use this link on the doc. Um, this is the best accounting software. We use this software still for all of our software and all of our financial management. You don't really need to get a bookkeeper, um, 'cause you shouldn't have that much in the way of out- outgoings and ingoings. Um, and I'm not going to walk you through how to use QuickBooks because honestly, they've done a better job than I could ever do with their articles and their trainings. Like, they've got a lot of trainings here. Like, you know, you can become a real expert on this software and financial management just through their trainings alone. And I'd recommend you put some time aside to watch those trainings and also, like, just learn finance in general. Like, beyond this video, like, get some books on it, watch some YouTube videos. Like, spend a good couple of months, like, an hour or so a day just learning finance. In fact, do you know what? I'm even going to whack it down as an action item, so you have to do it. Okay, here we go. Let's put the, um... You can see this in real time here. Let's put the alarm in, right? Action item, spend... Here we go, one hour a day for the next three to six months dedicated to learning finances, finance, tax, and financial management, okay? Because, like, again, I, I, you don't need much information on this. Like, beyond what I've told you today, but if, if you, if you're the kind of person that you want to be like proper and you want to become a millionaire and you want to build a million, million-pound, million-dollar business and get to that multi-seven-figure mark, eight-figure mark and, and just really be like... You need to know this. There's no way around it. And, you know, understanding it now is way better than making the money and then trying to figure it out later. So if you use, (laughs) if you use all this properly... So look, if, if you, if you decide that you don't want to work with a t- accounting firm yet, then that's fine. Probably a mistake, but that's fine. If you use this financial tracker properly and if you also use QuickBooks properly through my affiliate link here, and you take it to an accountant when it's time to file taxes, then your accountant will probably have a heart attack out of amazement. Most people are awful and most starting entrepreneurs, they go to accountants and the accountant has to like, basically be like, "What the fuck have you been doing? Like, where is everything? You've got no receipts, no bookke- no, no bookkeeping, it's chaos. You owe them half your money in tax. What the hell have you done?" So if you can keep this clean and organized, just with these simple instructions from this video, and keep it clean, tidy, organized, and be constantly aware of your financial situation, you're going to be in a way better position for your money and your finances. And so that's everything for managing finances and cash flow. Um, thanks for joining me and I look forward to seeing you in the next video, um, in the bonus week, week seven. Um, that's everything for the six weeks. Um, unless I decide to make another video after this one, which is possible down the line, but that's managing finances and cash flow. I hope you've enjoyed it and I look forward to seeing you, um, in the bonus week, week seven, where we're going to talk about scaling up and specifically how to use, um, like, systems and advanced methods to get more clients, get more appointments, and really scale up. And as you do that, you're going to have to keep your finances and cash flow in check. And so with that said, thanks for joining me through these six weeks. It's been such a pleasure to record these videos over the course of an entire year, and I really hope that they've found you well and I hope that they've helped you to start this business, make some money, and everything like that. And as always, if you want to apply for EasyGrow and scale up using our proven systems that have worked for more than 4,000 entrepreneurs at this point, um, estimated to have made more than $500 million for our clients, then there's a link in the description, um, that you can click to apply for EasyGrow. Um, and I will look forward to seeing you either there or in the next video or a future video. God bless you. Take care of yourself. Talk soon