# 5.1. Appointments Introduction

Hey everyone, Charlie Morgan here and welcome to Appointments Introduction. So, in this video, we're gonna introduce you to the basic premise of what appointment booking actually is. Now, it is pretty much what it says on the tin (laughs), but what is an appointment, where do they come from, how can you channel them, and what do you need to know before you start trying to book them? That's what we're gonna talk about in this video. So, first of all, what is an appointment? Now, I know that (laughs)- (laughs) ... I don't wanna teach you to suck eggs here, I don't wanna teach you the, the most basic crap, but we will get a basic definition in, just for the sake of perspective and clarity. Then we're gonna talk about booking channels, how do you configure your Google Calendar for, um, booking appointments, 'cause we're gonna be booking a lot, so we need to configure that. The mental game of booking appointments, um, full-time job, and the quadrant, which is something we talked about in week one that you may remember. But without further ado, welcome to Appointments Introduction. Uh, I know that's not the shiniest title that I've come up with, but it is what it is. This is a quick video to highlight the nature of appointment booking, nothing fancy and nothing you pro- couldn't probably already guess, but a good a- a good place to start. So, an appointment is basically a call, right, a, a Zoom call, typically, between you and a prospective client, so someone in your niche who is suffering from the problem you solve. It's a scheduled, prearranged time on your calendar, and their calendar, with the intention to discuss how you can help them achieve an outcome they desire and solve a problem they are facing. Now, appointment booking is, by far and large, the most important aspect of your business. Don't get me wrong, the mindset stuff is important, but the whole reason that we do the mindset stuff, and the whole reason that I spent, I mean, months, quite literally (laughs), like, many, far too many months, on the mindset module, was to get you to book appointments. So, I want you to imagine that everything you've been learning up until now has been preparing you for appointment booking, and really, your entire business is about appointment booking. The only reason we did your mindset was so that we can get you through the appointment booking stage, 'cause it's gonna suck and you're gonna have to have a strong mindset to do it, which is why we, why we did that. So, it feeds everything and it's crucial. It's also the hardest part and the hardest thing to get right. It might sound pretty simple, "Oh, yeah, I just got to send a few cold emails. Yeah, I'm just gonna make some YouTube videos. People are gonna book in, great." Mm-mm. It's tough. It's the toughest mental game that you will ever play in business. Nothing, like I've, trust me, I've, I've done this thing now, eight figures, getting to multi-eight figures. It's tough, but n- nothing compares to the mental toughness of that first year of just consistently doing outreach and trying to get appointments when you're, when you're starting from scratch. Like, it's tough, man. So, the reason behind this is that appointment booking is the fastest way to change your reality, and therefore, your identity and place in the world. Because, you know, your, your, your identity and your sense of self knows, like, "Hey, if I get this appointment booking thing right, we're actually gonna start making money." So, this, it's kind of like actually putting, like, it's like it's actually putting rubber to road, if that makes sense. Like, once you start booking appointments, it's like, this business is actually functional and your life is gonna start to change. And so, this means that your current sense of self will stop at nothing when they're throwing resistance and pain at you. So, the thing, up until now, like, you know, we've just sort of been in the sandbox playing, writing our little sales script or putting, mi- making out our methodology or making, like, a little, nice little looking vision board that makes you feel all warm and fuzzy. You know, uh, building the foundations, picking a niche. This is all easy. (laughs) Everything you've done so far, and I don't mean to demean it or invalidate the hard work you've put in, but everything you've done so far has been in the sandbox of the, the, the program. Now, what we're gonna do is basically take all of your work and start exposing it to the market. And that can be quite a frightening thing to do, because you're going to get rejected, you're going to be judged, people are gonna look down on you. You're gonna have some bad things happen during your appointment booking. You're gonna get embarrassed on sales calls, you're gonna get, you're, your incompetencies will be revealed, your foundations that might not be as shaky as you think, and everything that you've built until now is suddenly brought into question through appointment booking. And that's why it's so hard. It's all good and well, you know, it's kind of like, imagine that you're an artist and, you know, you spend, like, you know, a whole year painting something. And then ex- exhibition day rolls around, and now you've got to display this art for thousands of people and thousands of critics and all your family and friends to see. Or if you train for a fight, let's say that you're a boxer and you train for a fight for a year. And now it's, now it's time to actually get up on, in the ring and put all of that to the test and have that, have any weaknesses or any, any incompetencies revealed to everyone that you know. And so, this is why appointment booking is tough, and this is why we find it so difficult. And you might think, in your current perception, "Oh, it's gonna be easy," but I need you to be ready for total, all-out mental warfare. It's not gonna be fun, it's not gonna be easy, it's not gonna be pretty, it's gonna really suck, it's gonna be difficult for you, and that's the truth. So, I wanna say this because I'm not here to discourage you. I'm not here to tell you that everything you've done so far doesn't matter, 'cause it does. Um, but I'm, I'm here just to tell you the truth and to set your expectations clearly. This is not going to be a fun 12 months for you. You're gonna make money, and you're gonna make progress, and you're gonna start to actually develop financial freedom, and the rewards of your work are gonna start to bear fruit, and that's gonna be amazing. But the process of doing all of that, it, it really is not fun, okay? And it really does suck, and I need you to be prepared for a year of pain. And that's right, a whole year. You know, the next 12 months, really, unless you're an easy grow. It's gonna take you maybe two, one to two years to get to the point before you can stop doing appointment booking yourself and start finding someone else to do it for you. You can start hiring people to build systems and stuff. That, that's, that's down the line. But it's just, I wanna just make it real clear, that appointment booking is not fun, 'cause a lot of people just think it's, "Oh, I'll sen- send a few emails, make a few cold calls, and then bang, like, make a YouTube video, and now I've got, like, five clients and I'm, I'm, I'm financially free." So yeah, kind of, but the resistance you feel, like, is, is gonna suck. So, booking channels. So, really, there's only four channels through which you can book appointments. Okay? There's only four methods, four categories of, of methodology that we can use to do this. So, first of all is outbound.So this is reaching out to people in your niche via cold methods to schedule a call. So this can be cold calling them, it can be cold emailing them, or it can be cold DMing them. Um, there are some other things you can use, like you can use cold WhatsApp, you can use cold SMS, you can reach out on other different platforms. But generally speaking, call, email, DM. These are the three ways that you're going to use from an outbound perspective to get calls. Now, another thing you can also do is you can send letters, you can send mail to people, but basically anything that denotes you reaching out to them. Inbound is creating content to add value and entice people in your niche to schedule. So you can tweet, you can make YouTube videos, you can make Instagram posts, you can have an email list, you can post on LinkedIn, you can post on Facebook groups. You can build a Facebook group, you can build a school group, a free school group, right? Anything that, um, any- anything where you're leveraging a social platform or something along those lines, or a search engine, like YouTube for example, um, to generate inbound traffic where people reach out to you or people schedule a call with you because of a piece of content. Ads is basically p- paid media. So we're paying platforms or search platforms, um, social or search platforms to run our ads, okay? So you can do Facebook ads, YouTube ads, Google ads, TikTok ads. I mean, you can even do LinkedIn ads these days, right? You can advertise in a lot of places. And then referrals. So this is word of mouth clients or people in your network making introductions. Now, they all sound like a good time, right? Referrals obviously sounds the best. Um, ads sounds pretty great, inbound sounds pretty great. But the one that most of you are not going to enjoy is outbound, and that's understandable. A lot of you won't like inbound either, because it involves putting your face out there and making content. A lot of you are terrified and introverted, and you've spent so long judging other people that you're just terrified you're going to be judged yourself. So, there's that to contend with. But none of that matters, because we need to change you and your identity, right? So, yeah. So the strategy we're going to focus on in this program is 80% outbound and 20% inbound. What this means is that really almost all of your time when it comes to acquiring clients should be spent on outbound. Um, 80% of your time or day really should be spent on cold outreach, and 20% should be spent on content for your niche. Now, why? Like, you might be thinking like, "Well, why? I want to make a personal brand," or, "I want to run ads," or, "I want to get referrals." It's like, well, the thing is, is outbound can get immediate results and also will sharpen your sales skills, and also it's basically free. Now, there are some expenses required, like softwares and stuff, but generally speaking, like if you've got a phone, an internet connection, and a laptop already, it's not that expensive, right? Now, inbound. The problem with inbound is content can take three to 12 months to really produce anything, and it also requires a significant time investment. So, you know, we- we're going to, we're going to talk about some basic inbound strategies that can get you started. They won't, they won't be anything majorly significant, but they'll be enough to help you, like, start building a bit of legwork here and get your first few clients, so you can then hop into Easygrin on the line. But ads, well, you don't have the money for ads, right? The, the truth with ads is, is you can't really run ads for these sorts of info agency businesses until you can spend like 10K a month and afford to lose it. Like, maybe, maybe not quite 10K a month, maybe like, maybe like a couple of hundred dollars a day or something. But generally speaking, like, yeah, ads, y- you're, you're not there yet. Because the other thing with ads as well is all ads will do is scale what you already have. And if you, if you have a problem, i.e. your foundations aren't properly set, your sales system isn't improving, your methodology isn't improving, your niche isn't improving, your offer isn't improving, ads are not going to work. And what will happen is you'll try and run ads and they won't work, and you'll blame the ads instead of the actual business model itself. So when you try and get clients through outbound at the beginning, all of the issues to do with your business are revealed as opposed to marketing. And then referrals. Well, you don't really have any clients, um, and obviously, you know, you haven't got any niche connections to refer you to, people to you, right? So yeah, pretty much we're going to be using outbound and inbound. Referrals will come down the line. Ads will come down the line once you're like at multi-six figures, really more than that, to be honest. Um, and the inbound thing will build over time. But really, 80% of your money, 90% of your money is going to be made from the outbound efforts you do. So before we talk about how to actually do outbound and inbound and how this strategy is going to work, and I don't quite know why my keyboard's decided to turn into an Arabic one here, um, let's talk about Google Calendar configuration. So we need to configure your Google Calendar so that when we set up your scheduling software in the next video or two, everything can be integrated and people can book in nice and easy. So what you need to do is go and log into your Google Workspace account. So go to account.google.com. Go to calendar.google.com and bookmark it. So as you can see, if I bring my bookmarks up, I've got my calendar here available to click anytime that I want. And then what you want to do is, step three, is to block out the time that you'll be sleeping. So the thing about appointment booking is, you know, the thing about sales and, and appointment booking is it really requires time consistency. You know, so you want to be going to bed at the same time every day, eating at the same time every day, going to the gym at the same time every day, and getting into a nice consistent routine and flow, honestly, that you can... I'm just thinking here. Honestly, you can sustain for probably about 12 months, 'cause it's, I think it's probably gonna take you at least a year of, of consistency here, and that's the expectation I'm setting, right? So what you want to do is block out any other daily commitments you cannot avoid. So like dental appointments or maybe like, maybe if you're, um, like for example, if you're Muslim, then maybe on Friday afternoons you have, um, mosque and prayer, or if you're Christian and you go to church at this particular time on Sunday, you want to block these things out, right? So step five is set sleep and other commitments to recur daily or weekly depending on your schedule. So for example, here's one of my closer's calendars, it looks like this every week.Now, you don't necessarily want to copy his work schedule, his start and finish times for the timezones he's taking calls with. But this is one of our closers, right? And you can see this is, um, I'm making this in August, so this is next month, in September, this is one week, and this is the following week, and this is the following week. So obviously, he hasn't got any appointments yet because this is a month away, but my point is that the same events recur every single week, okay? And so what you can do when you make a Google Calendar event is you can set the event to repeat by selecting this dropdown here, and you can make it repeat daily or weekly or whatever. So if, if I know that every, um, every Wednesday at 3:00 PM, I have a, um, urgent, urgent medical appointment because of a treatment that I'm getting, then I can put that in on Wednesday at 3:00 PM and set it to re- rec- to, um, recur weekly on Wednesday at that time. And what this means is this is a small thing, but it's important because it means that you don't have to come into your calendar every week and reconfigure the whole thing and reschedule everything at the end of the week so that you can book appointments. Because what's gonna happen is when you set up your calendar like this and when you configure your calendar, which we'll do later in the next video or two, the, um, the places where people can schedule and book are going to be in the available space. So for example, if we take this calendar here, um, this sales rep has the sales team meeting or the team meeting every day at 3:00 PM. And so what that means is no prospect will be able to book in at 3:00 PM because he's busy. In the same way that no one can book in at 4:00 AM or no one can book in at 9:00 PM, okay? You need to have a nice routine here, and all the free empty space should be available. Okay? So you can decide how strict you wanna be with this. But generally speaking, you want to have as much open space as possible, right? So you're also gonna wanna set a day for content where you produce content. My advice would be that you do this on Saturday. The reason I suggested on Saturday is because that's probably when you're gonna be able to book, um, when people are gonna be least available for appointments if you're in B2B. If you're in B2C, then you might wanna do calls on Saturday, 'cause if you're working with people who have nine-to-fives, then you might wanna, you know, take calls on Saturday. But you need to u- use your brain there and decide. But one day of the week needs to be scheduled specifically for content, or at least one afternoon, right? You might not need to spend an entire day on content, but at least an entire morning or afternoon should be dedicated to it. And we'll talk more about what content to make, and we're gonna build a content strategy and, you know, create that in, in future videos. So mental game. Appointment booking is a big mental game. People, when they approach appointment booking, is they think it's all about the tactic or the strategy. And don't get me wrong, it's helpful to have a good tactic and a good strategy, right? And we're gonna, we're gonna build this together. Um, it's great. Like you obviously wanna have like systems that work and function as well as having templates and scripts and everything. However, the big, big way that you win in appointment booking is your mental clarity and your emotional control, because it's really gonna test your mettle and you're gonna get really, really, really emotional about appointment booking. Why? Because the entire future of your financial dependence, independence swings on your ability to get this right. And so, as I said earlier, like you're gonna feel so much emotion towards this thing, so much resistance, so much anxiety, so much depression, so much joy So it's gonna be a complete emotional rollercoaster for you. But you need to learn to just keep your emotions as, in check as you can without going too crazy. So right now, you're probably excited and feel all warm and fuzzy inside at the prospect of hopping on calls. You probably think all you need to do now is send a few emails, follow your script, and start making some money, and you're wrong. Appointment booking is hard and it's tough. You need to be prepared for this. It's not sunshine and rainbows. It's monotony and rejection. Okay? So let me explain something to you. This is crucial, so listen. Pay attention right now. Stop fucking scrolling on your phone or listening to music on another tab, or if you're, if I'm on 2x speed, take me off 2x speed. Just listen to this right now. Now that you have set your foundations, now that you've got a trajectory for your mindset, now that you've devised a methodology to test, now that you've built a sales script to test, the only thing left for you to do now, the only thing left for you to do is book appointments. There is nothing else for the next year that you need to do to grow this business. Nothing with a higher leverage point than booking appointments. What that means is for the next year or two, and I really mean it, a year or two, not just a couple of weeks, a couple of months. For the next year or two, all you need to do every day, all day, every day, is try and book appointments. And if you do that, you will not fail. It's when you start tapering off after a couple of weeks to go and listen to podcasts or build some AI system or change your website or, like, that you are gonna have a billion and one temptations to do anything that isn't appointment booking Do not fucking listen to them. Okay? I need you to fully understand that for the next year or two, and that's right, year or two, every day, all day, appointments, appointments, appointments, appointments, appointments. There is nothing that comes close to the importance of this and you understanding this. Okay? It's gonna be fucking boring. You're gonna be rejected constantly. You're gonna be judged constantly. You're gonna hate it. It's gonna exhaust you. It's gonna tire you out, and you're gonna hate it with a passion, trust me. Might be great for a week or two, but you will learn to hate it. But it's so crucial that you keep going, and it's so crucial that your expectations are set here, because you're gonna have to repeat the same actions and get rejected in the same way over and over and over again for the next one to two years. Now, if you're in EasyGrow, then this timeframe is drastically cut 'cause you're actually using proven systems. But it's, don't get me wrong, like I'm gonna give you foundations for systems here. Um, but there's a few things that I can't give you, and I'll explain that in a second. It's gonna be a lot, a lot of boredom and pain. You know, my first year, I didn't have an EasyGrow. I didn't have a, I didn't even have a course like this. My first year in business, my first two years in business was me six days a week cold calling about 12 hours a day. That's what it took me. And I, and I know that sounds hard to fathom and you're like, "Yeah, right." But I'm not joking. Like my first year in business specifically, I cold called from 7:30 AM to 7:30 PM pretty much every single day, six days a week for about a year. And I, I, by, by pure fucking sheer will alone, will alone, I got to 10K a month in, in that year, actually it was within like six months to nine months. And so that's what you're gonna have to go through, is just constant like... And I hated it. It fucked me up. I hated it, but I got there in the end. So you kind of need to give the universe no choice. If you're not, if you haven't got the intelligence to, you know, write the perfect thing first time around, it's just through sheer will that you're gonna make it. So once you've got a bunch of clients on board and have proven your sales process or methodology, then you can start outsourcing the appointment booking a bit to other people. I can ch- I can tell you that if you do this alone without an EasyGrow system, it's gonna take about really 12 to 24 months to get there. Now, it's possible and you can totally do it. And like I said, I did it. So you don't necessarily need EasyGrow, right? 'Cause you can do it without it. Trust me, I did. Um, but you need to show up every day consistently. It's just gonna be harder. No matter how you feel or what you're going through and doing every single day. Now, I'm not trying to discourage you or, or leverage your pain to pitch EasyGrow, right? 'Cause I know that you might be thinking like, oh, I know exactly what you're doing. I'm not downplaying this. I really am not. I just want you to know that like EasyGrow, if-e-even when you can afford it, is the way out of this pain as fast as you can get, right? And you might not want to buy it now, y- like as far..

Just, just trust me, like, after, like, six months of doing the same thing every day and still not... Like, still trying to just make it work and getting a couple of clients, but still just doing the same thing, you're probably gonna want some more advanced systems that function. So again, this is simply the truth. You're gonna have to go through a lot of variable testing, etc. The reason, and this is crucial, is I simply cannot give you the cold outreach or content scripts, templates, and stimuli that you can copy and paste to get clients, 'cause I do this in EasyGrow for actual clients that pay me. So here's the, here's the conundrum I have, is I was sat down to make this outbound module and the inbound module, and what I wanted to do was give you all the scripts and all the templates that you can just copy and paste so you can just run w- with what already works and what's already proven. The problem with that is if I do that, then basically it fucks over every client in EasyGrow, because they're the ones that have bought the scripts and the templates that actually work and function. And there are gonna be god knows how many people in this program, so any script that I give you or any template I give you is gonna be quickly overused and become saturated and stop working. This means you need to create your own scripts and templates using principles that I'll give you. So don't worry, I'm still gonna show you how to create your own scripts. And you know the scientific method, and what it means is really you're gonna have to follow the scientific method, um, and you can probably guess that it takes a lot longer to do this than just copying a variable that someone's proven 3,000 times. So again, I know it feels like a pitch, and the truth is that it is a pitch, and that I am here to pitch you. But I know that some of you aren't gonna be in a position to buy EasyGrow, and that's absolutely fine. Know that you can still make it and you can still suffer, you know, um, and you can still get it done, 'cause I did. I, I, I got to 10K month on EasyGrow. I'm just saying that it will significantly speed up the process over which you get there. So it's not... Like, Eas- the whole EasyGrow thing is not really a question of, like, whether you make it or not, it's just a question of, like, how quickly. 'Cause if you go through EasyGrow method, you're probably gonna get there in, like, 10 to 30% of the time. Um, but again, it's, it's not gonna be a fit for everyone right now, okay? And there are gonna be some of you that apply that get rejected and so on and so forth. So, you know, I just wanna... Again, like, I know that, I know this can seem, like, discouraging or it can seem like I'm just, I- I'm making this in my own interest, but I am just telling you the truth. Um, and I hope that you can appreciate my, my honesty. I, I, I'd rather this than just say like, "Okay guys, so now we're gonna book appointments. It's so fucking easy. You're gonna get so many results, you know?" um, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Like, I'm not gonna gatekeep, um, much. I'm still gonna give you the best appointment booking training, um, that you can possibly find on the internet with this level of accessibility. But just know that I can't give you the seriously advanced, fully templated, SOPed, like, fully fledged, like, systems. I just can't, because if I do, then they won't work, 'cause so many people will have them, and they're specifically for clients, right? So, I hope you can understand that, and, um, I hope that I haven't come across like a dick or anything, but I seem to be honest. So, from this moment onwards, we'll talk about the full-time job thing. From this moment onwards, remember, if you're not figuring out how to put- book appointments or actively trying to do work that books you appointments, then you are wasting your time. There are only three things that you should focus on with your business, and if you aren't working on one of these three things, then you really are wasting your time. And this displays a hierarchy of priority. So, the first and most important thing in your business is delivering results for clients. The second most important thing in your business is conducting appointments, so actually doing sales calls. And the third most important thing in your business is booking appointments. Now, here's the thing. You cannot deliver results for clients if you don't have them. So you can't deliver results if you don't conduct appointments, and you can't conduct appointments if you don't book them. So booking appointments truly is the flame, the fuel, and the most important thing to the growth and prosperity of your company. It is the main thing, and therefore it should require all your focus and attention, because, you know, you want to improve your sales script and iterate that, and you want to improve your methodology and iterate and improve that. But the only way that you can improve how you g- how good you are at sales and how good you are at delivering results is by booking appointments to get clients and deliver for them. And so a lot of people, what they try and do is they try and improve their sales process by doing YouTube videos and by learning and by reading books, and then they also try and improve their, the result delivery by reading books and watching YouTube videos and talking to people. And it's like, yeah, you can make some improvements there, but ultimately the thing that's really gonna make you good at sales and delivery is having clients. And how do we get clients? Well, we book appointments. And so the point I'm making here is it really is the lifeblood of the business and it is the most important thing, and any, any minute that you spend in your business that isn't on one of these three things is a minute wasted. Of course, there are gonna be some things you have to do, like tax returns and, you know, financial things and a couple of operational things and client onboarding here and, like, payments there and invoices and stuff and support. But I'm telling you, man, like, if you're doing anything that isn't one of these three things, then you really are just wasting your time. So, some rules, or really a rule. This is an important rule. Once you get a client, their results come before anything else. But this doesn't mean that once you land a client or two, you stop prospecting. So what a lot of people will do is first, like, ama- th- they will find any reason to stop doing the outreach, right? So, I've seen this a lot before with people where they'll do outreach and they'll get a client, and then suddenly they'll stop all of that outreach and all of their sales to, quote-unquote, "focus on the client." And it's like, well, no, that's a bit stupid, because what you should be doing is focusing on improving your service and understanding that the current methodology that you've got is only gonna work so well and you're just testing that methodology. You can't, like, you can't work on the client, so to speak. You just have to run the methodology that you've implemented, test it, and see what the results are. Anything, any, any extra work you do on it is gonna screw up your tests and mess up your, um, your variables, right? So w- well, you're gonna land a client, you will, by doing this. And I'm gonna show you how to get your first client.And it's going to be great. It's going to suck, but it's going to be great, if that makes sense. And, um, the thing is, is you're going to be tempted when you get that first client to stop doing the outreach and find an excuse to stop doing the h- the hard, painful thing. You're going to find an excuse to stop making the content, all this stuff, right? But the acquisition machine must constantly be running. So, but now you know what to prioritize, so you get my point. So here's how you should be splitting your time. So you want to do outbound five days a week and inbound one day a week. And I'm going to give you a protocol, by the way, that is going to seem pretty ruthless, and it's going to seem pretty, like, pretty tough to, to uphold, but we'll talk about that in, in the next few videos. But for now, that's kind of your time split, is you want to spend a day where you're making the best content you possibly can. You know, you make... whether it's a YouTube thing or an In- Instagram thing or a Twitter thing or a LinkedIn thing. Like, we're gonna, we're gonna pick your platforms in future videos and, you know, you're gonna spend a whole day, a week producing content for them. And outbound, we're going to spend five days a week on it. You know, um, you know, sure, you can have Sunday off or something if you want, or Monday off if you, if you want to work Sunday because your niche is, is available on Sunday. Um, but we'll walk, we'll walk you through this. And you might remember this, um, from 1.1 elucidatory actions, where we talked about the quadrant, you know, and how there's really only four things that matter in the consulting business. And if you ever catch yourself working on anything but one of these four things, then ultimately you're wasting your time and doing the wrong thing. So if you remember, you know, we talked about these three things, but... or four things. So solid foundation and mindset, so nailing your understanding of business fundamentals, nailing your business foundations, and nailing your understanding of mindset. Booking appointments, so consistently reaching out to people in your niche to encourage them to book a call, and creating content for people in your niche to encourage them to schedule a call with you. And closing sales appointments, so conducting sales appointments via Zoom to sign strangers into paying clients. And delivering value or getting results, consistently working on your expertise and working with clients. These are the only four things that matter. So I w- I just want to make it really clear that anything you do that isn't one of these four things is a waste of time. Okay? Anything you do that isn't one of these four things is a waste of time. And honestly, for the next year, most of your time is going to be sent- spent on booking sales appointments. Okay? So that's it for this video. And I know that this video has, has seemed quite blunt (laughs) and I'm kind of changing my tune here from, from the t- typical cheery Charlie that you might be used to. However, I promise it's all with your best interests at heart, and it's all from a place of love, and I just wanna... This appointment booking thing is, is, it's going to be, you know, slightly tricky and it's going to suck, and I need... I just want you to, I need to communicate that really properly and really clearly so that your expectations are set. So that's just a, a brief introduction to appointments and how they work. Um, so in the next video, we'll talk about, um, c- configure it- configuring all your softwares and stuff, and then we'll get into actually developing a strategy to get you that first client or two. Talk soon.