# 5.2. Outbound & Inbound Rulebook

(instrumental music plays) Hey, everyone. Charlie Morgan here, and welcome to Outbound & Inbound Rulebook. So in this quick video, we're gonna walk through the basic foundations, principles, tenets, whatever you want to call them, of outbound and inbound respectively. Now, because outbound is the primary emphasis of the program, and because that's where you're going to be spending the majority of your time, we are going to put more of an emphasis on understanding it. Now, inbound is also ... There's a few more things to it, but i- 'cause it's not a significant part of your strategy, we're just going to stay focused, and I'm going to keep you moving quickly through these videos so that you can actually start putting some pen to paper and actually start building these systems as soon as possible. So, I just want to get you introduced to the basic ideas surrounding these things and just keep these things in mind as you're building your outbound and your inbound systems, because if you don't, then you're going to struggle. So we've got a simple rulebook for inbound and outbound. Um, outbound, there's, I think, maybe four times more things to remember. Um, and inbound is, is pretty simple, it's just a question of time. So here we go. So welcome to Outbound & Inbound Rulebook. Here, we'll explore the core foundations and first principles of outbound and inbound appointment booking. These are all very straightforward and obvious, but you must keep them in mind when you come to build your systems. So, you can see we've got quite a few different rules for the outbound section here, and let's get into them. So the main rule, number one above everything, the most important rule, rule zero, the most important thing, is never forget consistency. Th- this ... The only thing you have to bear in mind when it comes to outbound, or the most ... Not the only thing, but the most important thing above everything, is consistency. Because it doesn't matter about all the other rules and all the other ways of doing it. If you're inconsistent, it won't work. So never ever stop. It doesn't matter what happens or how you feel, come hell or high water, stay consistent in your outbound approach. It doesn't matter if it's not working, it doesn't matter if you're not getting results, it, uh, just, just stay consistent for the sake of being consistent and understand that even if you have got something that isn't working right now, the only way you're going to find something that does work is if you are consistent with the work, okay? So remember, we need to give the scientific method and the iterative approach significant time to function properly, and in order for us to actually get results, we have to be consistent. The first thing in a dis- ... Well, above the consistency thing, um, or below the consistency thing, is it's all about volume. So when it comes to building outreach systems and cold outreach systems and outbound systems, you should constantly be asking yourself, "How can we double the volume? How can we 5X the volume? How can we 10X the volume?" Do as much as you possibly can. Like, you know, I've, I had a client the other day who was sending 100 emails a day, manually, right? And he had a system for it, so he was spending a couple of hours a day. I said, "Mate, why aren't you doing this for, like, 12 hours a day? Why don't you s-" He was, he was ... Taking him, like, three, four hours a day to do all of his work. And he was like, "What do I do with the rest of my day?" I was like, "Send another 100. Send 300 if you can." And y- now, he's sending, like, 300, 400 a day, working, you know, 12 hours a day, six days a week. And would you believe it? He's tripled, quadrupled his business, right? So it really is about volume, and it's about sending and making as many outbound approaches as you possibly can. We've ... You may have heard the quote before, "Volume negates luck." That's a quote from Hormozi, and it's very true. The next thing in outbound is all about the follow-up. Follow-up is the next main thing, cold and warm alike. You'll find most of your appointments book after five to eight follow-ups on warm prospects, and most of your replies come on the second or third cold follow-up. So, when you're calling people, when you're emailing them, when you're DMing them, a lot of people aren't going to respond to you instantly. You're going to call people, they're going to be busy. You're going to DM people, they're going to be busy. You're going to email people, they're going to be busy. You have to be prepared to follow up, like, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine times, and you'll get your most responses the more you follow up. So it's all about follow-up, and please do not forget to follow up. It's all about result. So, results are the main thing. So when you're making your outbound systems, when you're, when you're building your methods for getting clients and booking appointments, never talk about the details of your service or product. Always talk about the end result. You want to focus on the solution and the future they want. You don't want to get into the nitty-gritty details of your services from an outbound perspective. So, you know, if you're selling Facebook Ads to gyms, you don't say, "I sell Facebook Ads." You say, "I sell more members." Okay? We have to remember, your offer, your packaging, like, we focus on the result, never the nitty-gritty details. We focus on the outcome, not the solution, if that makes sense, at least from a technical standpoint. Number four, it's all about the offer. So, offer is the next main thing. It's the biggest needle-mover. Understand this: The best copy and the best outbound pitch is simply a good offer. You can improve your copy by 10X and accomplish the same improvement with 2X, um, with a 2X improvement in your offer. So, you know, when we think about what moves the needle and what's going to get you the most results from an outbound perspective or even an inbound perspective, to be honest, your offer has all the leverage. You can get 10 times better at copywriting, but if you just get 1.5 times better at offer writing, then your offer will carry more weight than the copy, although you should try and do both. It's all about the offer, and if you're trying to do outbound with a terrible offer, then you're not going to get results, okay? So POC versus scale. So you can only scale what is proven, and results in outbound are fractal. So fractal basically means if you cannot book any appointments or meetings sending 200 emails or messages, then you won't book any sending 300,000. So the first rule of outbound is to establish a proof of concept, and once you have that, you can scale. So you want to avoid looking to build this big, massive business. You just want to try and find ... Well, you obviously want to do that, but at the beginning, the whole point of this is to find a simple proof of concept where you can confidently say, "If I make 100 dials, or if I send 100 messages, or if I send 100 emails, or I send 100 letters," or whatever it is, "that I get X result. And that means for every 100 I send, I book one or two appointments. So if I send this ..." You know, we just, we're just trying to find consistency and proof of concept here. We're not trying to scale, we're not trying to grow our business, we're just trying to find a simple average that is appropriate enough for us to repeat over and over again. Quant quality. So don't get locked into thinking you have to send a high-volume low-quality message, and don't likewise think you have to send a low-quality high-volume message. You can do both. So a lot of people when it comes to outreach, they think they either need to do quantity or they need to do quality. So it's like, "Oh, I need to do loads of research and send very few emails, or I need to, I need to do very little research and send as many as I can." The answer is to do both.Outsource desperation. So outbound is painful, but you should not be desperate to outsource it. VAs and setters are attractive because they alleviate pain, but it's not objective, and this is not a reason to hire. No one will care about it and do it like you do, so unless you're consistently booking appointments, you must do outbound yourself. (clears throat) People, some of them, and this shouldn't be you, but some of you are going to come into this program, not you, some people will, and they think they're above outbound. They think, "Oh, I don't, I don't make cold calls," or, "I don't like doing cold emails," or, "I, I don't like reaching out to people, I, I prefer to let them come to me." I'm sorry, but if you feel that way, you're not welcome here, because you are ... you haven't built anything. It's like, "Oh, I just want, I'm just gonna let people come to me." It's like, why on earth should you be entitled to that luxury when you're starting and you have, you're no better off than anybody else in terms of what you can do or having proved yourself? So you've got to check your ego here, you've got to drop any pride you've got, and you've got to do the work. You've got to have the humility to humble yourself before the rejection of people in the market, and you've got to go to people and ask them for things. You can't just expect them to come to you, and you can't say that you're above it or that you don't do it or that it's not you or it's not me or I don't resonate with it, because if that's the case, then you're, you're choosing to mold your, yourself around your business, um, sorry, your business around yourself. Remember, you cannot mold your business around you, you have to mold yourself around your business. So number eight is your spin, thinking versus copying. People that blindly copy and paste our stuff or anybody's stuff will struggle. You must add your own spin to everything we teach, even if it's just tweaking it a tiny bit. Do not monkey see, monkey do, or just copy something. Use our scripts and models as frameworks that you tweak. Just don't blindly copy and paste things, okay? So again, I'm not gonna give you specific scripts or anything. I'll show you the principles to write copy and to write templates and how to get it right, but don't just go on YouTube and find some video and be like, "Oh, yeah, that's it. Copy and paste," 'cause it won't work, 'cause everyone does that. So vagueness, keep your outbound messages vague. Never overshare details around pricing or anything. This is a big thing. Never mention pricing in your approach. Don't have it on your website, don't have it on your funnels, have it nowhere. One of the reasons people will book an appointment is because of curiosity, and curiosity is one of the driving forces of human behavior, so people schedule to learn more about your offer and your product. If you tell them everything, they have less reason to schedule, and less is more. So you want your outbound messaging to purposefully be vague so that you create curiosity, 'cause if I just told you everything about everything right now, then you'd have enough information to squirrel it away and not make a decision, and because you're not in any emotional pain right now, or at least I haven't taken you through the sales process, then you're not really gonna feel any urgency to actually buy my thing. So less is more. The less detail you give on what you actually do and how it works, the better. I know that seems contradictory, but trust me, that's the way it works. Ten, outreach lag. In outbound, the work you do today is the result you'll get in two to four weeks. There is a lag between sending messages, calls and emails, and booking calls, so the work you do today will pay off in a month, and what that means is for the first couple of months, you're not gonna see any results. You might, you might get a client or two maybe if, if you're lucky, but you're not gonna see any massive consistent improvements. It's only after once you've been doing it month after month for like six months with proper iteration, proper thinking, and really trying that you actually start getting results. Eleven, doubt conditioning. You must condition doubt or fear out of your mind. Whenever you have a thought or a feeling that, that is, "This isn't gonna work," or, "I bet no one will reply," you must open your phone, email, or tablet and do more outreach. So any time, and this is crucial, I did this and it changed my life, any time that you feel doubt in any way towards your, um, towards your outreach not working, you need to immediately condition your behavior where you meet that doubt with more action, because action suffocates doubt, but doubt suffocates action. And so the more doubt, the, the more you let dou- uh, as soon as the little, as soon as the little ... Imagine it's like a little fire, right? The, the f- doubt is like a fire, and it starts off as this tiny little flame, which means it can be extinguished really quickly with just a bit of action, but if you leave that doubt and you let it fester, I don't care if it's 3:00 in the morning, if you leave that doubt and you let it fester and build and build and build and grow, then the fire becomes uncontrollable and you cannot put it out, or it requires significantly more energy to put it out, or it takes longer for you to actually get back to work, if that makes sense. The same thing is true with action. Action is like, you know, you need to nurture it, you need to, you need to, you need to bring it out. And so whenever you feel any doubt, I don't care if you're going to bed at 1:00 AM and you start thinking like, "Oh my God, this isn't gonna work and I'm not gonna make it," pull out your phone, call people, pull out your laptop, email people, post a piece of content, do whatever you can to just meet doubt with action in the moment immediately, and, you know, it doesn't matter what time of day it is, it doesn't matter if you're on holiday. What, what, what will start to happen is you'll stop feeling doubt because all the actions you're taking will actually start getting your results, and that's kinda how you get through the doubt thing. And then the lead quality paradox. So no one in this program right now is gonna be in any position to worry about lead quality. I don't wanna hear anyone moaning about lead quality. Lead quality is something you can start to worry about when you're actually successful and making some decent money, but for now, talk to everyone. It doesn't matter if they've got the money to buy your services, it doesn't matter if they've got significant pain, just get on a call with everyone because the worst possible thing that happens if by talking to people that are "unqualified" is you get to practice your sales script and you get to practice your objection handling, okay? So reach out to and schedule everyone in your niche regardless of how qualified they may seem. The caveat to this is once you're successful and making good money and you've got clients on board and your time becomes a little bit more valuable, like right now your time's not all that valuable because you're not making any money. Your time, the, the, the value of your time is, is determined by how much money you're making, right? Quite literally the definition of that is a definition of time-based value. So, you know, right now, anything you do to move the business forward is gonna be more valuable. Once you're making six figures or you've got a bunch of clients on board and you're kind of successful, then you can start being a little bit pickier about who you choose to because it's a better use of your time, but right now you just need sales practice, you need connections, everyone you talk to should be discussed and, you know, you should treat everyone like they're gonna buy, handle their objections. It doesn't, it doesn't even matter if they get on the call in the start and they say, "I've only got a dollar to my name and I can't buy this." That doesn't matter. What matters is you take them through the sales process, you don't judge them, you try and close them, and even though it might not go anywhere, you've just got a little bit better at sales, you've got another connection in the niche. You know, maybe they know someone that knows someone, rightSo keep that going. So those are the 12, um, rules really for outbound. Again, consistency, volume, follow-up, focus on the result, make a good offer, get proof of concept before you scale. Again, like, you know, the main thing here is remembering we're not trying to scale a business, we're just trying to find a proof of concept first. Im- imagine yourself like a pharmaceutical company trying to discover a drug. It's like, you're just, you're, you're in the discovery phase, like you're trying to cure this big disease, sure, but you're just trying to discover something that works. Qual- quality, outsource desperation, so don't outsource too quickly, um, put some spin on it, so don't just blindly copy people, vagueness, outreach lag, doubt conditioning, and lead quality paradox, okay? The inbound rule book is much more straightforward and, you know, much, much shorter, 'cause there's really only three things to bear in mind, um, when it comes to inbound. Um, and if you do these three things properly, then you're gonna make a lot of money with inbound, but it just takes time. So the first thing to do with inbound to know is that it takes the long term. So inbound is a long-term play. It's not gonna pay dividends for a long time, and it can take a year before you really start seeing results or appointments from it. The second thing is consistency. Again, this is, this is obvious stuff, right? But it's important you know this. Inbound requires monk-like consistency and discipline. Pick a schedule and stick to it. Show up for your audience every week on time, the same way you show up for your children. Imagine that your audience is kinda like your family, like you need to show up for them, like you need to be there every week for them consistently on time, so they know when you're posting and stuff, and that's how you build a core audience. And, you know, um, I've, I've always... I haven't missed an upload for, I think, four years, on YouTube specifically. I've uploaded every... I used to do three videos a week, but I, I stopped doing that, 'cause it was, um, it was, it was getting a bit too much when I had other stuff to do. But I've uploaded every week nonstop for four years. I've never missed an upload. Except maybe, like, once when I was, like, really sick or something, but I don't act- I don't think I did. Um, and what that, what that does is it, you know, my audience is just, is just built over time, and, you know, I'm about to clip 300,000 subscribers, and, you know, sometimes I'll have, like, a month where my videos don't get insane views, um, but there's, there's still that core audience coming back every single time, 'cause I'm just showing up for them. And so it's like, you know, people start YouTube, for example, and they go make videos for a month, they make vlogs or whatever, and then, like, they go like a couple of weeks without making videos and they make another one, and it, they kind of make videos when they feel like it. And what that does is... Don't get me wrong, like some of the biggest YouTubers don't have, like, a consistent upload schedule, but they are constantly working on YouTube. So if you look at MrBeast, for example, like the argument could be like, "Oh, yeah, but MrBeast doesn't upload a video a week." It's like, yeah, but the thing is, is he's constantly working on a new video, and he uploads it as soon as it's ready, if that makes sense. We've got the luxury of educating and the videos aren't as high-production-quality, they don't require much time to do. However, consistency, consistency, consistency, pick a schedule. It's not just YouTube. I don't care if it's an email list or a podcast or Twitter or you're doing Instagram, you're doing Facebook or your LinkedIn, whatever it is, TikTok, consistency, consistency, consistency. And last but not least is value, because there's no point in making consistent content if the content isn't valuable, okay? So inbound is an exchange, it's value for attention. Ultimately, what we're doing here is we're exchanging value for attention. Your content needs to actually add value and actually solve a problem for people, and if it doesn't, then you're really cooked, you're really dead in the water. Like people make content and it's shit content. And let me tell you something, a lot of people struggle to grow on personal bra- personal brands, like they're struggling to grow YouTube or Instagram or Twitter or whatever, and they're always like, "Oh, what am I doing wrong?" It's that, mate, your content's just shit Like, and I'm not talking about you specifically, 'cause you probably haven't done content before, but 90% of the time, 90% of the time, if your brand isn't growing, it's because your content is shit. And, you know, this hap- th- this happens to me as well. I'll, I'll go through, like, periods in the year where I don't really see any growth or I don't break out into a new audience or, you know, my video views drop off a little bit, and that's almost always because the content I've made is just a bit shitty or not as good as usual or not as good as it could be, and that's always my fault, right? So whether content is shit or not depends on how much value it adds. How new is the perspective? How much effort have you put in? How groundbreaking is this thing for someone, right? How much does it actually educate them? How, how interesting is it? How enthusiastic are you? Et cetera, et cetera, right? So yeah, it needs to add value and actually solve a problem. And if you can't commit to adding value via inbound systems consistently for at least 12 months, then there's no point in even trying in the first place. You know, inbound has the potential to replace outbound and ads for your business, but only if given consistent value exchanged over time. And again, we're not looking to necessarily just have inbound, because you don't wanna replace outbound and ads, because these, these are still very effective mechanisms to booking appointments, um, but it can be powerful. Like if you do this properly and, and consistently for like a good year or two, like you're gonna crush it And here's an equation to explain. It's value times consistency times time equals success with inbound and content creation. So, like I said, there's no point adding value if the value is inconsistent, and there's no point being consistent if you're not adding value, and there's no point in being consistent adding value if you're not thinking long term, 'cause you can be consistent and add a ton of value... Like I saw this once, there, there was this guy that came onto the scene, it was really interest- really interesting case, actually. This guy came onto the marketing space, um, about two years ago, and his channel completely blew up. Like it went, did, it went, it went, it went viral in the niche, insanely successful guy very quickly out of nowhere, you know, good channel, et cetera, et cetera. And he uploaded videos for maybe about five months consistently, and then he stopped. And then about, uh, 18 months later, he kind of started being consistent again, and now no one watches his videos. (laughs) Like the, the long-term thing is just, it's so crucial, you've just gotta, you've gotta be like, if I'm doing this... It's like you're marrying your channel, like you've gotta show up for that fucking thing every single week. Um, because if you don't, like and you start neglecting it, then yeah, you can come back to it in a year or two, but the damage has already been done. Like the, the damage to your reputation and to the long-term success of your brand and your image and your inbound systems to taking a long-term break from content or whatever it may be, is so severe. Like look at all of the best YouTubers, all the best personal brands. Look at, look at Jake Paul, look at Logan Paul, look at KSI, look at MrBeast, look at PewDiePie, these guys have never had a break. They've been making content, they might have, surely, they might have missed an upload here or there, or maybe they took like a couple of weeks off to go on holiday, but they've never had like a proper sabbatical from content. And all of the brands, all of the people, Joe Rogan, I don't care who you talk about, any successful personal brand, the one thing they all have in common is they've been playing the game for a long, long time, they've been consistent with it, and they've added value. That's all you have to do to make inbound work, okay? So those are the rule books, um, pretty simple rules to follow, to be honest. Just bear these in mind for outbound and bear these in mind for inbound, and now we can actually start talking about some strategies, how to find leads, how to actually start making content, and I'll see you in the next video. Cheers

