# 5.3. Asymmetric Psychological Leverage

(instrumental music plays) Everyone, Charlie Morgan here, and welcome to Asymmetric Psychological Leverage. Now, that's not the first time you're going to hear me introduce this video, because what I'm doing quickly here is recording a clip to introduce the introduction of this video. This is a video from EasyGrow, specifically from the Acquisition Genesis Foundations portion of EasyGrow, and I wanted to include it just to add m-... as much value as I possibly can to this module on how to get clients. Basically, what this video is going to explain how to do is write copy, write scripts, write templates, and produce stimuli or s-... a stimulus you can expose someone to get clients. And I wanted to record the quick introduction to the introduction to explain that this has come directly from EasyGrow and this is the quality of content you can expect from a client acquisition standpoint. So, you know how deep we've gone into, um, mindset, um, business foundations, and you, you know the sort of week one, week two-style videos, week three-style videos have been extremely thorough and in-depth that have taken me basically a year to make. I've got the same style content for client acquisition. And if you want to get really good at client acquisition, videos like this that contain an EasyGrow. Obviously, this is an inadvertent pitch. I'm not going to deny that. I'm not going to lie to you. But it's a really important video, and I wanted to share it with you, um, uh, for free, without you having to pay anything for this video. It's obviously an exclusive to EasyGrow, so enjoy it, and I'm now going to cut the clip in where you're going to hear me reintroduce this video because I recorded it a while ago. Let's get into it. Hey, everyone, Charlie Morgan here, and welcome to Asymmetric Psychological Leverage. Clue's in the title for this one. Today, I'm going to be explaining individual principles that apply to the human mind that you can leverage to acquire clients. Now, I'm going to preface this video, and I'm going to mention this, this a couple of times throughout the video that, that I want to start with an ethical warning, okay? I'm going to show you how to get people to do what you want. I'm going to reveal 88 heuristics and biases and 88 facets and features of the human mind that, if understood, you can leverage and use to get people to do what you want in any scenario. This is like a fucking superpower. And I mean that. I don't... I'm not just saying it's a superpower. Like, it genuinely is. Like, you can actually get people to do what you want and convince them to do things that they otherwise wouldn't have done when you understand the parts in this video. And I'm starting with this ethical warning because if this power falls into the wrong hands, people can have bad things happen to them, okay? So, this video is extremely powerful. It's going to equip you with everything you need to know to create a stimulus or stimuli that actually get results. If you've ever wondered, like, "Why does that piece of copy work?" Or, "Why does my copy not work?" Or, "Why does that sales script convert?" Or, "Why does that ad just work so well?" Or, "Why is it that some people are better at writing copy like this" is going to reveal everything you need to know about making, uh, assets, right, stimuli, when it comes to s-... client acquisition. So I'm really excited, but I want to preface it with an ethical warning, because if you use this information in the wrong way and you use it to manipulate people into buying things that they can't... that can't help them, you know, there's a lot of that in this day and age, unfortunately. But I just, uh, I want your awareness and nonverbal agreement that you only use this for a force of good, okay? And I was hesitant to make this video because, well, it's pretty powerful, right? And it... I want people to make sure that they're using it to do good in the world and sell things to people and get people to buy things and make decisions to buy things that can genuinely help them. So, when you understand this, you're gonna look, you're gonna see the world differently, you're gonna see humans differently. You're gonna look at people's psychology and you're gonna look at prospects and you're gonna be able to pull apart everything about them, exactly what makes them tick, and you'll know exactly what to say and when to say it and how to behave and what cert-... what, what to insert here and what to insert there and what to do with your ads and your creative. And all of this stuff will make sense after this video. But it's just important that you do it properly and you are a good person with this information, because if you're not, then, well, bad things will probably happen to you in the long term. So either way, I'm really excited for this video. Asymmetric Psychological Leverage. Asymmetry means, um, small input to large output. So it's where can you focus your attention and put something, like a small amount of effort in, to get a huge reward, right? And this is really asymmetric stuff here, the understanding the psychology, you only have to (laughs) like, you only have to understand a little bit of psychology to have huge gain in business, okay? And I'm gonna be walking you through everything I know about cognition, irrationality, human misjudgment, decision-making, action-taking, everything that sort of encompasses that, in this video. It's gonna take a couple of hours to run through it. It's quite a long video. But you have to realize this stuff has taken me five, six years to learn and embed into my paradigm, and I'm really excited. So here's what we're gonna cover. So we're actually gonna start by recapping the first principles of acquisition. Uh, and once we've done that, we're gonna segue into stimulus effectiveness. Then we're gonna talk about the human component, the lock-and-key theory, which will help you understand how this all ties together. Then we're gonna talk about cognitive heuristics, which are also known as cognitive biases. And then we're gonna discuss the origin of these heuristics. Where do they come from? Why do they exist? And then I've actually got 54 and 34. So, the leverage list is basically a list of pretty much every single cognitive bias or cognitive heuristic under the sun that you can leverage and understand to get more clients, and there's 54 of them. Now, there will be more than this that I haven't put in here, but these are the main ones. There's, there's hundreds of biases, right? But I've cherry-picked the ones that are actually important to know, specifically for client acquisition, okay? Um, and then I've got Morgan's Heuristics. So there's 34 biases that I've discovered through my observation. I didn't necessarily invent them, but they're not listed academically, so I kind of had to name them myself and describe them myself.So all in all, we've got 88 different heuristics to run through, and they're going to make you lots of money. Then we're going to go through the Cognitive Bias Codex and discuss something called the Lollapalooza Effect, mkay? So a very powerful video. It's really going to move the needle for you and your stimuli-making. So let's get started. Okay. So as always, here's a Google Doc. (laughs) So welcome to Asymmetric Psychological Leverage. This module explains how understanding psychology can help us build successful client acquisition systems. We'll be breaking down every core idea in psychology under the sun to do with client acquisition. And if you want to win and create winning stimuli, pay attention. So let's start with a recap, mkay? 'Cause we need to revisit where we started. So we know that client acquisition starts with a human, mkay? And we know that basically we have human, and then we have stimulus, and then we have action. This is all client acquisition is in its raw form that cannot be further questioned. You take a human being, a stranger to your business and your niche, you expose them to a stimulus, like a piece of copy, an ad, or a thumbnail, or anything like that, and that leads to them taking an action or a step towards becoming a client or making the overall decision that working with you is the right decision for them. So the human is the square, it's the person we want to attract as a client. The stimulus is the triangle, and this is, the stimulus basically is the trigger, if you'd like, that we use to get an action. And this is just getting someone to do something, mkay? And the action is a human acting in a way that supports them becoming a client. So nothing new here. If you haven't watched the ini- initial videos, then you need to go and watch them because nothing will make sense to you if you haven't. Building a house, right, of knowledge, we can't start with the windows that look pretty. We've gotta start with the bricks, okay? So client acquisition is just literally about getting humans to take action. And the process of converting a random stranger into a client revolves around them taking a series of actions called a micro-action chain. So what we can do is we can break, like, the entire client acquisition journey, if you'd like, down into a series of actions that, if taken in a linear form, lead to someone becoming a client. And there's lots of decisions that have to, you know, aggregate and confluence together to create the overall decision of becoming a client. And so we've got these micro-action chains. Here's an example for our YouTube organic attraction system for Imperium. The first action is for someone to click the video, right? And then once they've clicked the video, they need to watch the video, and then they need to read the description, and you kind of get the point here. It goes all the way through to the point of them filling out their card information and pressing the button to pay. And a stimulus or a working stimulus is a trigger that triggers an action in the micro-action chain. Acquiring clients is as simple as lining up the effective triggers and exposing them to the human in a linear order. For example, from the above micro-action chain, we can deduce and invert to get the stimuli chain for YouTube, right? So if I want someone to click the video, I need to have the stimulus of thumbnail and title. If I want someone to watch the video, I need to have hook and content. If I want someone to read the description, there needs to be a call to action in the content. If I want someone to click the link, there needs to be a funnel link in the description. If I want someone to watch the video on the funnel, there needs to be a title on the funnel that tells them to watch the video, right? So you can see here all the way through this action chain, we are lining up triggers or stimuli that we expose to humans to get them to take the actions. And basically, once someone's taken all these actions, then they press the button to pay, they become a client. The problem is, is a lot of these stimuli are, well, I'm not going to say they're hard to create because they're not when you understand, but a lot of people struggle getting people to take these actions, right? So let's talk about that in a second because different stimuli are assigned to get different actions. So each stimulus that you create is assigned an action, okay? And it can be something as simple as a Calendly form, right? So if I head over here, I'm just going to move my bookmarks up here. If I head over here to, um, Calendly, right? Uh, let's go... do-do-do. So if I go here, look, to our Calendly porm- form. This is a stimulus, okay? So the stimulus in this case is to get someone to click this button, to take the action, to pick a time, and the irony is when you actually are so good at client acquisition is you're only ever going to have two slots open, right? Um, like we've got three sales reps and they're literally all fully booked. We've got no times available and we're, we're booking out like five, six days in advance. So, you know, the next stimulus would be someone clicking the time and confirm, and then this is another stimulus which is getting someone to schedule an event. And then once they've scheduled the event, then there's a stimulus to get them to show up and a stimulus to get them to book the call again. You know, just all of these things exist as stimuli, and different stimuli are assigned to get different actions. So for example, a YouTube thumbnail is assigned to clicks. A, a final lead form is a fi- is assigned to email addresses. So we're going to talk about this in the, the system design module where, when it comes to designing a stimulus, you need to actually start by thinking like, "What do I want someone to do as a result of this stimulus?" Like, I'm exposing this, I've got this trigger, and I'm putting it in front of someone, but why? Like, why does that thing exist? What action is it trying to get? Once you understand that, then you have assigned the stimulus an action and you can start lining up your stimuli in this linear fashion here and building out these systems or these funnels or these processes or journeys, whatever you want to call them, these chains. You just take people down. It's, it's just like a production chain. You know, it's just like building a car. All right, well, we start with the wheels, then we put the body on, right? Then we put the clutch in, then we put the brakes on, then we... You know, it's just, eventually you have the full thing, okay? But you can't have the full thing if you haven't started with the wheels, if that makes sense. I see a lot of people thinking that client acquisition is all just about, like, the body copy or it's like, "Oh, just give me the questions you ask on your sales script, Charlie, I'll be fine." It's like...It's a very small piece and if you're struggling to build one stimulus, you're probably struggling to build them all. So you can't just point to one specific thing and tell me that that's exactly why your business is struggling, because if you could fix that thing and you had the, the knowledge and intelligence to do that, then you wouldn't be struggling with it. Which means that you can extrapolate that specific problem out to every other stimulus that you're using probably isn't working. So let's talk about stimulus effectiveness. So anyone can list out a micro action and a stimuli chain. Right? Anyone can design stimuli, but that doesn't mean they're gonna get results. So just because you have a stimulus doesn't mean it's gonna work. Like, you know, you can, you can sit here all you want and write down, like, exactly what the stimulus chain is for a different system that you've got, but it doesn't matter. Like, you can go ahead and design it, but it doesn't mean it's gonna work. You, you can put together a thumbnail and title and a hook and a content and you can line up some questions to ask and you can have a, a pitch you've designed and you can state the price in a certain way, but if that's not, if that's not specifically designed to s- to suit the human mind of the person you're reaching out to and if you're not exposing them to a trigger that's gonna work, it doesn't matter. Right? And that's obviously why you've purchased this program is so that you can obtain the stimuli that are working and that are working for us and other people and using them. Okay? But you only get results when you have effective stimuli. So effective is the word used to describe a stimulus that successfully triggers its assigned action. So a stimulus is only considered effective when it triggers the action it was assigned at its conception. And effectiveness isn't binary. A stimulus isn't effective or ineffective in regards to it triggering an action. Instead, we look at effectiveness as a spectrum. So this is a visualization, this diagram here, for you to demonstrate what effectiveness looks like, because I see a lot of people looking at their email copy and, like, if it doesn't get meetings, they'll just declare that it doesn't work. Or if it does get meetings, they'll declare it does work. And you have to learn to not see this in a binary code. It's not effective or ineffective, it's, well, how effective or how ineffective is it? And it works on this sort of scale here denoted by the, you know, reduction in shade of blue, where if you've got a stimulus that's really effective, then it'll be over here, but if it's not very effective, it'll be over here. And 100% effectiveness means the metric the stimulus is attributed to is way above KPI. And 0% effectiveness means the metric the stimulus is attributed to is way below KPI. So the way we measure effectiveness is by asking ourselves, where does this stimulus... Like, what KPI does this stimulus contribute to? So if you're writing email copy, for example, the KPI you're gonna be looking at is positive reply rate or appointment booking rate. Or if you're writing a sales script, then the conversion rate that you're looking at, like let's say that you've done designed stimulus specifically to ask a line of questioning. The KPI that the line of questioning contributes to is the sales conversion rate. And so you're, you can only say that you've got an effective stimulus if it's attributing to KPI in a way that is positive. So we have key performance indicators that determine whether or not we're actually performing and the stimuli that you have all contribute towards different KPIs. And so if you've got, like, body copy and you're getting a really good positive reply rate, then you could say it's got effectiveness. Okay? And remember that more often than not, stimuli work in pairs, trios, or quads as key variables. So you could have a super effective stimulus, but if you pair it with an ineffective stimulus, it effectively cancels itself out. So what I mean here is, like, you could have one stimulus that is amazing and another stimulus that's awful and if you compare them together and you put them together, then the result will probably just be average or probably awful. Because what we typically find in systems specific to client acquisition is the variable or the stimulus or sub-stimulus that performs the worst sets the, like, the bar for how well the other stimuli can do. So an example of this is you could have the best YouTube thumbnail in the world, but if you have the worst video title in the world, the video probably won't get clicks. So it's kind of like if you want to get clicks for a YouTube video, good thumbnail, good title. But if you have a bad thumbnail, good title, it might still get some clicks, but you're still limited by that weakness. And the premise here is really simple. The more likely a stimulus is to trigger its assigned action, the more effective it is. So we measure effectiveness against KPI. Now, there's some important questions. What determines whether or not a stimulus has high effectiveness? We know it's measured against KPI, but what actually leads to a stimulus getting results? Right? Like, how do we know what creates a good stimulus and how do we get people to take action with our stimuli? Now the truth, I'm actually gonna put this here, right? Most people think it's luck and they're wrong. So this is a, this is an imperative lesson. A big paradigm shift is if you think that it's down to luck, not design, then you're wrong. So I can tell you from experience having created hundreds of stimuli that have helped me build a couple of multi seven-figure businesses and they'll get us to eight figures and nine figures and maybe even a billion, right? What I can tell you is it's not luck. Right? So if you write some email copy and it works, you didn't get lucky, you designed it in a way that was conducive to the psychology of the person that was receiving the email. And whether you think it or not, right, you know, some people can s- can write good copy by accident and stumble upon it and discover it. Yes, okay, in essence that's luck. But whether an email works or not is down to cause and effect. Emails, uh, or ads or YouTube videos or funnels or cold call scripts or, like, Calendly events, wh- whatever it is that's triggering the action, they work because of specific reasons. They don't just work because they work, and they don't just break because they break. There's cause and effect behind every underlying action that is triggered and taken by your prospect and it's vital to your success and your paradigm and your growth here as a business owner that you recognize that that is the truth. So there's no luck involved in this. It's cause and effect. And if we, if we want to know how we create a good stimulus and how do we get people to take action, all we need to do is to be able to, like, look at the relationships between cause and effect in human psychology and what gets people to take actions and make decisions. And we can take those causes and we can embed them into our stimuli. That's how this works. And I'm gonna explain 88 different causes that you can use, 88 different things that you can use to create the effect of action, and they're really fucking powerful. So the human component. So the truth is that, like, we know it's not luck. So what does determine what an effective stimulus is? Well, it's the human. This is the main thing. Right? It all starts with the human. Humans in your niche determine the effectiveness of a stimulus. Okay? I'm gonna repeat that. The human determines the effectiveness of a stimulus. The stimulus t- alone does not determine the effectiveness. It's the human. So when you're designing a stimulus, you have to start with the human in mind, not with the stimulus in mind. You don't build a stimulus because it looks cool or because you like it. You build it because it's gonna work towards the people or, you know, it's gonna work to get the people you're reaching out to to make the decision. So the human sets the conditions for what is or is not effective, and I'm gonna explain this in some more detail in just a second. But for, for now, let's actually ask ourselves, like, what is a human?

So you might think, like, "I understand what a human is," but do you? Right? Of course, you probably do on some intuitive level, but let's, let's explore this and just get to the bottom of things so we can actually reason up from there. So a human is a body and a mind, right? The body is the physical being of a human, the shell they exist in, and the body executes orders from the mind, okay? The mind is the mental being of a human, it's thought and consciousness itself, and the mind gives orders to the body. So the mind sets the action and the body executes it. So if we want someone to take an action, if we want a human to take an action, which could be click or reply or schedule or open or answer or show help, whatever it might be, if we want them to do that, then we need to get their body to execute it. And for their body to execute it, we need to get their mind to set it. Okay? So there's this difference between body and mind. If someone's gonna click or schedule or reply or buy, tha- their body has to manifest that action. If you want someone to click, their fingers have to move a mouse and apply pressure to their left mouse button in order to click. If you want someone to reply to you, then the- they have to get their keyboard and then type on the keyboard, and then move their head and look down at the send button and press send, like there. Actions we want people to take have to manifest physically in order for them to happen, and actions don't manifest without the mind's say-so. Okay? And if you don't believe me, then just look at, look at your life. When did you last take an action that you didn't think you were gonna do, unconsciously or consciously? It's like the body doesn't... I- if we didn't have any control over our bodies (laughs) ... I mean, a lot of people don't, right, with their impulses and stuff. But my point here is the mind has full control over the body, and if you're ever wondering why I spend so much time on, on mindset, it's because the clue's here. It's like, for the body to execute it, we need to get the mind to set it. So when I talk about mindset, it's like your mind is setting the actions you need to take and it's the actions that deliver results, but story for another day. So psychology is the study of the mind and the behavior it produces, okay? So th- this, th- the key here is it's all about the mind. If we understand the mind, and if we understand the core encompassing principles of the human mind and the human condition and the human nature, and we get that and we know it and we can see it, then we can build things into our stimuli and things into our triggers that are, ah, ah, ah, fu- are fully capable of leveraging that information. So if we know that people respond to a certain type of information when it's conveyed in a certain type of way, and that's conducive to them becoming a client, then we can build our stimuli according to that. And the mind is split into two parts. We've got the conscious mind and the unconscious mind, right? And the mind can set actions consciously or unconsciously. So you kinda know how it works, right? We've got the iceberg metaphor here, Freudian psychology, where 5% of your cognition and thought and action is conscious and 95% of it is unconscious. For example, me recording this video right now, I'm conscious of my speech and my language, but I'm unconsciously just talking, right? I'm not... I'm moving my hands as I talk as well, I'm clicking, I'm, I'm sort of looking. None of that's happening consciously. I'm not necessarily consciously aware of what I'm gonna say in the next five sentences, it's just happening, right? So 95% of human decisions and actions happen unconsciously, and that's from a Harvard professor called Gerald Zaltman. Now I don't n- actually know if that's true or not, but I'd hazard a guess to say it's pretty close. But think about it, right? How conscious was your decision to eat what you ate this morning? Probably not very conscious. How conscious was your decision to drink water you just drank? Probably not very. How conscious was your decision to scroll through Facebook this morning, or God forbid now, right? Probably not very. How conscious was your decision to click on Imperium's funnel, right? Probably not very. People aren't awake, right? How conscious was your decision to agree to our sales agenda? Probably not very. So when we got you on a sales call, the first thing we're gonna do is establish an agenda and get you to agree to it. But I... You know, when that's happening and you're in the middle of a conversation, you're not consciously thinking of your answer. I mean, sometimes you are, but rarely, right? So humans make both decisions and actions in client acquisition consciously and unconsciously. They'll think about scheduling, right? They'll think about buying, but they won't think about clicking on an ad or being engrossed in a VSL funnel video. So a- an example of, like, a conscious action would be someone deciding to purchase, right? A l- s- a lot of unconscious things are gonna move around and get them to make the decision, which is why we design our sales process the way we do, but whether or not they pull the trigger, like, they're actually putting thought into it. But if someone just sees an ad and they're scrolling through Facebook mindlessly and they see an ad and it triggers the stimuli, or the stimuli triggers, like, certain unconscious facets they have, latent conditions, then they're gonna take action and click without even thinking about it. Right? It's kinda like how you can just scroll through, like, Instagram for, like, hours on end, you're just kind of detached from reality, you're just engrossed in the thing, if that makes sense. So you have to realize this isn't about conscious versus unconscious. We have to know that the mind operates in both ways if we want it to work. And regardless of whether the action is consciously or unconsciously manifested, there are heuristics of the mind working in the background to dictate those decisions to act. Okay? If we want, um, to get clients, right, if we understand that we want clients, then we need to understand these heuristics can build, um, better stimuli to get the action we want. So when we know the heuristics of the mind, when we understand the, the underpinnings of the conscious or unconscious processes that dictate action and behavior, then we can use them. And this is where it can get messy if you don't do it properly and if you start being malevolent or acting out of malice. You need to do this ethically, right? But I'm gonna reveal it. So the lock and key theory. So the secret to building stimuli is to leverage the heuristics of the mind, and that's why this is called asymmetric psychological leverage. We can take the heuristics of the mind, the quali- A heuristic, by the way, is like a quality the mind uses to make decisions. Um, a, a heuristic is something that..It's like a algorithm almost, like your mind runs information through the heuristic to make a decision. It's effectively like a, a characteristic quality of the mind and it helps you manifest action. And there are a number of heuristics that we can exploit, for lack of better words, and use to get what we want from humans. The heuristics of the mind are like pins on a lock. So imagine, this is the best way to say it, imagine the human mind as a lock on a door. If you want to open the door, which is getting an action that you want, then you need to design a key that fits the lock pins. So the way that a lock will work is it will have a series of pins and springs, right? And when you put a key into that lock, if the key is the right fit for the pins, then you can turn the key to open the door. But only one key, out of millions, billions of keys, right, is gonna work. And so it's a very specific combination of variables that allows you to open the door, okay? Now, the thing to b- bear in mind here is that this is a model, right? (laughs) It's, it's not just one stimulus that's gonna work for everyone, if that makes sense. But when you understand the human mind and persuasion, like the pins on a lock, then you can start to understand how you need to mold your key and shape it to fit in and open. As you can sort of see here, let me visualize this, we've got different lengths of pins here and the key slides in, and when it slides in, it's got different, like, edges and grooves that fit each individual pin, and then that allows the leverage for the, for the lock to open, okay? And you need to understand that the lock, right, the lock determines the key. The key does not determine the lock. So my point here is to understand that the human determines the effectiveness of the stimuli. The effectiveness of the stimuli does not determine the human. So when we're creating stimuli, the first thing to know is we start with the person we're reaching out to. It's all about the person. It's all about the human. When we're creating ads, we're not creating ads we want to create, we're creating ads that we know people will respond to. This is a really important lesson in client acquisition and building a stimuli. It's not about what you think is gonna work. Well, it is to a degree, but how do you know if something's gonna work or not? Like, how do you create a hypothesis and put together variables that are more likely to get results? Well, you have to start by understanding the person that you're reaching out to in the first place. And so if someone's designing a lock for a door, they're gonna build the lock first and then afterwards they'll build the key. So locksmiths design locks and then build the key afterwards in accordance with the lock itself. So this is the big problem that people face with client acquisition, is like when they go to create the key or the stimulus that they want to use to open the lock or trigger the action, they don't give any consideration to the lock. (laughs) They just give consideration to the key, and then they put together a key that looks fancy and cool and makes them happy and makes them have all this belief and confidence and pride, and they think, "This is gonna do the trick," and then it doesn't even fit into the lock, and then they think that the lock's broken, and they just blame the key. They're like, "Oh, this key just doesn't work. Oh, the lock, I just can't. No, it just doesn't work. You just can't get people to do things." No. Fucking stupid, right? And this is the fundamental paradigm shift you must have for all your stimuli. You must build your stimuli in accordance with the humans you're trying to reach out to. And specifically by humans, I mean the heuristics of the humans. We'll explore heuristics shortly here. But when you're creating something like an ad or a piece of copy or a script or a funnel or a title or a thumbnail or an email or a, a cold calling thing, or if you're doing like a, an evergreen video, a-anything, any stimulus you create, you must create it with heuristics in mind, the heuristics of the mind in mind, okay? I'm not intended there. And there are heuristics about the mind we can understand, and these heuristics allow us to predict how people will behave. This is how, this is the thing, it's about prediction. So when you, when you can, when you understand heuristics, you kind of understand human behavior. Because if, if I look at you and I understand all of your heuristics and all of your unconscious decision-making algorithms, then I can start to put things in front of you that I can predict will get you to make decisions. So an example of this, right, a completely intangible, weird example, it's actually tangible, but it's not specific to this, but just to give you an idea of a heuristic in the animal kingdom, right? So if you take the robin, right, and if I show you what this looks like here, uh, let me show you. So the European robin, right? So this is a bird that we find in the UK, and the European robin has an unconscious heuristic. And basically what it is, is when it sees orange, like orange like this on its stomach, it will fucking dive bomb whatever is orange. So there were some studies done on robins, right? This sounds weird, but I promise I'm going somewhere with it. There were these studies done, and what these scientists did, right, is they put orange feathers, like a bunch of orange feathers on like a tree, and then they just watched all the robins just come and like start dive bombing it, because robins are very territorial by nature. So the robin's heuristic, the, the mind of the robin, the unconscious heuristic that's programmed into it from birth, is see orange, attack. So if see orange, attack orange thing. And that's a heuristic. It's a automated algorithmic decision-making tool that information is filtered through. If it saw a blue pile of feathers, it wouldn't attack. So it's kind of like client acquisition is just like, if you understand, like let's say you want to get a robin to swoop, right? Then all you've gotta do is put orange feathers in front of it. And it's the same thing with humans. If you want them to click or take actions or schedule or buy or do, do anything you want 'em to do, you just need to understand...Like, what sort of stimulus needs to be put in front of them? Just like the robin and the orange feathers, it's like, if you put something in front of a human, it might get them to act, but if you put blue feathers in front of a robin, it won't act, right? So we can use heuristics to predict behavior, and when we can predict her behavior, we can use that prediction to put that, like, quality of stimulus, li- th- tha- that specific characteristic or type thing, into the stimulus that obviously entices the action, elicits the action. And by understanding these heuristics, we can forge our lock and key, um, accordingly, right? Um, to increase the likelihood our stimulus has high effectiveness. So, I actually wasn't supposed to do this, right? Doo, doo, doo. We can forge our key. Okay, that was a mistake. Right, but we can forge our key and increase the likelihood our stimuli has high effectiveness. So, if you're ... You need to see your stimili- stimuli like a key. How do you build a key? Well, you start by looking at the lock and then you, you would design the key around the lock. Like if, if I get, if I came to you and I was like, "Hey," like, "I need you to unlock this, this door. Need you to build a key for that." And I, I was like, "All right. Well, here's exactly, like, what the key, what the, the lock looks like. Here are the pins. Here's the length of the pins. Go and make a key." Then you'd go ahead and you'd measure the thing and then you'd be like, "Right, this needs to be like 0.3 millimeters and then this needs to be this length." And then that's how you build a key for a lock. But for some reason, well, I know why, (laughs) but people don't see it this way in client acquisition. And the better your stimuli fits the lock of the human mind, the more effectiveness it has. And designing a stimulus without understanding the human mind you're designing it for, is like designing a key without knowing what sort of lock you have to open. So if I said to you, "Design a key for this lock," the first thing you should be asking is, "Well, what does a lock look like?" But in client acquisition, people just write ad copy without understanding the mind, right? So don't worry, it's gonna all make sense. So cognitive heuristics or cognitive biases. So a heuristic, also known as a cognitive bias, is a pre-programmed quality of the mind that processes information, typically in an irrational way, which means the human, um, does the action without thinking or reasoning. Okay? So heuristics create irrationality typically. Um, remember, a rational action is one that is well thought through and isn't like ... It, it, there's, there's reason behind it. But an irrational action is when someone does something without necessarily thinking. And most client acquisition decisions made by people will be irrational. Okay? And, you know, regardless of whether or not it's the right thing to do, um, th- that's, that, it's still gonna be irrational. So someone could make an irrational decision to work with Imperium, which they do quite a lot, 'cause we've designed it like that, and if they make that a rational decision, it's the right decision. But just because it's the right decision doesn't mean it's a rational or rational, if that makes sense. So when we design a stimulus and put together things that leverage heuristics, we're, we're trying to encourage people to be irrational, um, because we kind of want people to make decisions and they just, they just sort of trust us and do it, which is quite, you know. You can, you can argue the ethics of that, but my argument for Imperium specifically is, I'm happy to encourage irrational decision making for people to buy our stuff and make decisions to buy our stuff, if it's within their best interest. So someone could make the decision to buy Imperium irrationally, right, but it could still be the best decision they make. So just because the decision is right doesn't mean it's rational. And heuristics are unconscious decision-making tools, and most people are completely unaware they have them. So the beautiful thing about heuristics is people don't even know they exist. And because of that, they're pretty vulnerable to exploitation, right? And that's something that we can take advantage of in a, like I said, trying to be non-Machiavellian here. I don't want to exploit people, but I'm just saying that there are things that you can see that other people can't, and you can use them. You have heuristics, right? I have heuristics. Jeff Bezos has heuristics. Elon Musk has heuristics. Successful people have, um, designed their ho- heuristics for success and unsuccessful people haven't. So I'm just going to make this, uh, different shade of pink. So one cool thing to understand about heuristics is, if, if you become aware of them, you can start to fix them and change them towards a goal. So I'm telling you now that Jeff Bezos and Elon Musk, they have heuristics, but they control their heuristics and their heuristics don't control them. Right? An example for me, a heuristic I have, is, before making a decision, look at the data. So if I'm doing client acquisition and I'm thinking, like, "What decision should I make here?" I don't make any decisions unless I've seen data, so I have that heuristic. It's just an unconscious thing now to check the data, right? And the way that this works, and the way heuristics are, are sort of built into us, is like this. Information is received by the brain via the senses such as touch, sight, smell, hearing, and taste. And all information received by a human is processed by the mind, the subconscious typically. And the problem with the mind is, it's riddled with heuristics and cognitive biases. Okay? So when information comes in, right, it could be like, um, through your, through your sight, it could be through your smell, it could be through your taste. Like, it's gotta be processed by the mind. So it comes in through the mind, and in this mind you've just got all of these little heuristics and biases that, like, basically what they do is they skew the information and bias the person's thinking towards an action. And so they're just kind of like things that meddle with your thinking. And there are a ton of universal heuristics we will be discussing in this video. Um, but there's gonna be more, right? So what I'm saying here is there's a ton that we're gonna be discussing here, um, but there are more heuristics unique to specific individuals, and we're not gonna be able to cover everyone. Right? We can't just summarize the entire human psyche. Well, actually, you kind of can, and we kind of have here. But there's gonna be things that we don't have in here, like there's gonna be like maybe couple of more heuristics that exist that you're not gonna be aware of because they're so niche and weird that we can't tailor anything towards them, because that would be tailoring against the average, which is not a good thing to do. So for most people, heuristics are a force for bad. They create misjudgment and encourage irrational mistakes. However, you can use them as a force for good by rewiring them. Simply, a heuristic is a decision-making tool. Every human is born with them, but if you want them to work for you, you need to become more aware of them and change yourself accordingly So heuristics are changeable, but I'm telling you now that 99.9% of human beings on the planet, probably more than that, like 99.9999999% will go through life without ever knowing what heuristics are, that they exist or have any willingness to change them. And you have to think of heuristics in the mind like the operating software in a computer. It's installed at assembly and all information is computed through it. Right? So all the information processed by a computer is processed through its operating software. And what this means is that all of the information will be biased to the operating software and its agenda. So for example, if the operating software is biased towards using Adobe, then all PDFs will be processed through Adobe. Just a simple example in the computer world. And here's the cool part, right? We can shape and forge our stimuli to fit the mind by building it to take advantage of the heuristics shared by the human population. So we can design our stimuli, make changes to it, tweak it, alter it, change the qualities and the characteristics of it, and in doing so, we can fit the mind and leverage the mind and start to experience really fucking good results with our client acquisition. So before we actually dive into the heuristics

I'm going to explain the origin of them, because to understand them it really helps to know why they exist and where they came from because it gives you a more deep, so sort of like a stronger depth of understanding, and it also, you're s- When you know why something works or why something exists, it makes remembering it and understanding it and using it significantly easier. So the origin of cognitive heuristics. So to understand heuristics and cognitive biases, we need to understand why they exist. If we want to use them, we need to know why they exist, right? If you want to use a car, you need to know, like, why do you even need a car in the first place? Right? Usually justification is, um, required for use, right? And so the human brain has a large energy budget allocated by the body in relation to its size. The brain is- It requires asymmetric energy. What this means is it accounts for 2% of your overall organic mass, but your brain uses 20% of the oxygen, and therefore calories consumed by your body. So the brain requires some serious resources to run. It's pretty expensive, right, calorifically speaking. So what this means is the brain loves efficiency. A more efficient brain equals less calorific consumption, which means more energy and more survival. It's an evolutionary thing. So heuristics exist because of efficiency. They allow us to basically, they're like kind of mental shortcuts, if that makes sense. And a heuristic exists solely for the reason of your brain being more efficient. Now, what we sacrifice, right, to gain efficiency is judgment. So back in the day, right, and I'll explain this in a second, you know, hundreds of z- uh, thousands of years ago, when we were evolving, like, a more efficient brain meant less thinking, right? If, if, if there were mental shortcuts to thinking and memory and judgment, then it meant the brain could be smaller, and it meant the brain could use less energy. 'Cause imagine if your brain used, like, 50% of your oxygen. If your brain used, like, 50% of your calories, we'd have to be, like, shorter. We'd have less organs. We'd probably be less intelligent for whatever reason, and, like, your br- Your, your body just... You'd have to eat so much, and, like, you know, thousands of years ago, hundreds of thousands of years ago, there wasn't much to go around food-wise. (laughs) So it was important that our body was efficient with energy and its usage. And so the other thing about this is a more efficient brain means the brain is smaller, which means the skull is smaller, which means the head is smaller, which means there's a less chance of maternal mortality during childbirth. And once again, it's a survival thing. Nature has selected the human brain for efficiency. So this is the ongoing theory in evolutionary biology, that the reason the brain has heuristics is to retain this efficiency, so it can reduce itself in size and maintain energy usage, right, like low, low energy usage. It's kind of like saving on your electric bills, like. Just like, if there's a way for you to, like, turn the lights off when you're not, when you're not there, like, automatically, then you're gonna save more energy, if that makes sense. And that's basically how heuristics work, is they just make energy consumption more efficient. And so, like, the bigger the head, right, the harder it is for the mother to give birth, because the head's the biggest part of the body, and, well, specifically the widest part during the stage of childbirth, if that makes sense. And so the head is smaller, it allows for easier childbirth. Mothers can survive more often through childbirth, more children, l- stronger species. You kind of get the drill, right? From natural selection. So thinking and remembering, right, and other cognitive tasks are, they're expensive, calorifically speaking, and because of this, nature selected for cognitive shortcuts that prevent us having to think, and therefore save expensive calories. And we know these heuristics are basically shortcuts. So we know these shortcuts as heuristics, and they were great when we were discovering fire and fighting snakes and sleeping in trees when calories were scarce, but they're not so optimal for modern life. You must understand that your brain and everyone else's brain is primitively, fundamentally adapted for primitive survival. So your brain is adapted to survive 100 to 200,000 years ago on the African plains, and this means that a lot of our cognitive tools, biases, and heuristics that are pre-programmed into us would have been helpful to our ancestors surviving on the African plains 150,000 years ago. I- In fact, you know, they're one of the reasons why we're such a successful species in terms of survival. To have this wonderful brain, but to also have its, you know, energy budget, like, low because of heuristics is, is... I- Without it, we wouldn't be where we are, right? And when you start reading about the common heuristics and recognizing them in yourself and your own cognition, don't judge yourself for it, right? (laughs) They kept your ancestors alive. So a couple of examples, right? So one heuristic is social proof. You're probably quite familiar with this if you're in the marketing space. Like, social proof is monkey see, monkey do. Lots of other people are doing it, which means it must be the right thing to do. But if you critically think about that, like, why does that exist? And it's like, well, are you more likely to survive if you're doing what everybody else is doing or if you're just doing something on your own? Well, it's probably if you're doing what everybody else is doing. Now, in business, it's not a good strategy, right? But when it comes to stuff like this, it was more useful. So for example, right? So 150,000 years ago, if I saw Caveman Bo running away from camp screaming, "Ugh, ugh, ugh," at full speed with no reason, it would likely contribute to my survival to follow suit more often than not, so I'd probably run after him shouting, "Ugh, ugh, ugh." So if Bo is just, like, running across our caveman camp screaming, like, "Ugh" at the top of his lungs and he's running for his life and it looks like that, I'm probably... It's, it's gonna be more beneficial to my survival on average in those scenarios that I trust Bo's judgment and just run, because I don't want to have to stop and think, like, "What's he running from?" Right? 'Cause by the time I've looked around, there could be a lion, right? (laughs) So it helps our program to just follow other people's lead.And reciprocity. If Caveman Bo, with all of his culinary talents, cooked too much meat and gave me some, it would be in my best interest to return the favor so he can make our mistakes profitable for ourselves in the future. Reciprocity is another heuristic. It's like if someone does you a favor, you feel obliged to do them one back. It's like an unconscious decision-making tool. It's like, you know, who should I give my extra meat to? Oh, I'll give it to Bo 'cause I remember, like, two weeks ago, he gave me some extra meat. And that's kind of, like, how this stuff works. You know, you can, you can bring all of these biases back to, um, back to evolution, for the most part. So, now this is the fun part, right? We've got the leverage list. So let's actually start listing out these biases. Um, what I'm gonna do throughout this next portion of the video, however long it is, is we've got quite a long one, right? It's gonna be, like, there's like 88 to 90 biases in here. I'm gonna go ahead and explain the bias in a really short form, and then I'm gonna give a live example relevant to client acquisition. So, I need you to know that for me to explain all of these in full detail, with as much detail as I need for you to fully understand them, would take, like, 15 hours. Right? It took me, like, six years to learn all this stuff, right? So, I'm gonna give you, like, the brief explanation. If you're not quite sure, it's important that you, you do some googling, some research on your own. Um, I'll link you some r- I'm gonna link you an amazing resource at the end, and it will help you understand all the biases in more detail. But I'm, I'm imploring you to study these. Do not just watch this video and think you know it. I've known this stuff for a long time, but I constantly have to revisit, and I'm constantly remembering and learning new things a-about these biases and these heuristics. So this, this video does not suffice for your knowledge. It's enough for you to become aware of them and to start to use them, but if you wanna get really, really good at building a stimuli, you have to spend a year or so studying these ones, right? But the other cool thing is you can start to look at our stimuli and look at other marketing stimuli in your life and think, "Oh, well, I know why they've done that, and I can see why they've done that." Or, "Why, why do they do that? What bias is going on here?" Okay? So, the leverage list. Now let's start with this ethical warning. Um, we are now going to discuss the heuristics of the mind that we can use to create confidence and trust to get people to take the actions we want them to take. It's important before we proceed that I have your awareness and agreement, right, this should say agreement, that with this knowledge comes a big responsibility. This knowledge is power, right? And with big, great power comes great responsibility. So I'm trusting you to only use this module as a force for good. Please only use these if you know you can genuinely help people and are acting in their best interest. Okay? Now, let's sort of have a look here. I've got these, um, biases listed out. Now, so we know that psychology sets the condition for what an effective stimulus is, and we know that heuristics are leverageable, and understanding them helps you craft your stimuli to be more conducive to an action that a human would otherwise not have taken had they not seen your stimuli. So you imagine that you've got a human, right, and they're going through life, and if they weren't exposed to your stimulus, they wouldn't have made the decision or taken the action to work with you. So we have to create things out of thin air, essentially. We have to create action and decisions for people, like, out of nothing, essentially, which is quite exciting. And to do that, we need to know heuristics. So, I'm gonna be breaking down 88 different heuristics, right? If I just change this X, X here. If you understand these and how they're inter- interrelated, you will never struggle with effective stimulus creation. I'm gonna repeat that. If you understand these and how they're interrelated, you will never struggle with effective stimulus creation. If you want, if you, if you can't write the right copy or you can't write a right, the right sales script or whatever it is, this is it. It, it's just because you don't know this stuff, okay? So there's not much fancy color going on in the next, like, 20 pages. It's just raw fundamentals. So I want you to also note that these are models of behavior and do not apply every time in a binary sense. Not all of them will exist in every scenario of human activity, and they're not always relevant to acquisition, right? You don't need to bear every single one in mind when crafting stimuli. So, go on, if you, if you make a stimuli and you try to include, like, all 88 of these biases, it probably won't work (laughs), right? You can't include them all. You're gonna have to get rid of a lot, exclude a lot. But the main thing is to understand them all, um, so that you can use them. And this isn't, this is by no means a definitive list. These are just the main ones that I've uncovered. There's probably more. In fact, I'm sure there's more that, um, I've struggled to stretch and apply, you know, and, and, and extend to client acquisition. So, just the one. But let's begin. Now, the other thing is that these are in no particular order. Um, the one that's probably the most important is number one. So I say no particular order, but number one and number two are, like, really important, and the rest of them are all important, but they're, they're not in any sort of, like, order, if that makes sense. Some of them are more powerful and prevalent than others. Some of them are, can be used in niche scenarios, some of them can be used all the time. But I'm gonna leave that up to you guys to decide what you think is best for your niche and your, your service and your offer and such. So, there are gonna be some weird names as well, by the way (laughs). Um, so reward superresponse tendency incentives. So, the main driver of human behavior is incentive. An incentive exists as a force of motivation or encouragement for someone to do something, typically for their own interest. As Warren Buffett states, "The ants go where the sugar lies," and people rarely do things without incentives. So example, your business's offer is the initial incentive that drives the human towards making decisions to become a client. The better the offer, the stronger the incentive, the more action you will get.So the more you can promise someone and genuinely deliver, the more clients you'll get. Now, there's a point of diminishing returns there, where your claims become unrealistic, but if you want someone to do something, you need an incentive. Kinda like if I had sales reps but didn't give them commission, why would they work? They wouldn't. Punishment superresponse tendency. Humans don't like doing things that result in punishment. They avoid making decisions to take action to do things that will lead to them being punished by a form of authority or not. For example, someone might book an appointment with you because your o- someone might not book an appointment with you, sorry, because your offer doesn't contain enough risk reversal, and they think about- and they won't think about buying it, because if they do think about buying it, they'll be punished with lost capital. So people don't do things that they think are gonna lead to them being punished by the universe. Influence from mere association tendency. Humans are easily biased and influenced by mere association. For example, if you charge below all of your competition, your product might, um, your prospect might associate your product with lower quality since price is often associated with quality. Or if your product is used by an authority in your niche, people will associate your success with their product, or their success with your product, sorry. So, if you ever wonder why Nike sponsors athletes and not, like, raging lunatics, it's because they want Nike to be associated with winning and victory, right? And that's influence from mere association. Liking-loving tendency. Humans are more likely to act on something if they like or love the person asking them to act. They can also form their opinions and beliefs about reality based on who they look up to and like. Example, you're more likely to take your advice, or you're more likely to take advice from your parents than someone else's parents. Or people will be more likely to buy from you if they like or love you. Disliking-hating tendency. Humans are less likely to act on something if they dislike or hate the person asking them to act. They can also form their opinions and beliefs about reality based on who they don't like and who they look down on, right? So if they don't like you and they hate you, then they're probably not gonna do what you want. For example, if you hate Donald Trump, everything he says will be filtered through hate, so even if he says something objectively true, you won't see it that way. Or if someone hates your approach, they won't schedule a talk with you, even if it can change their life. So Donald Trump could say something, if you hate him, right, he could say something that could be right and could change your life, but because you hate him, like, you're biased towards this hatred, which means anything that he says or any piece of information or stimulus that he uses to try and get you to act, you immediately reject. It's like Andrew Tate, for example, these days. A lot of people hate Andrew Tate, and some of the stuff he says is not good. Some of it is good, by my standards, and what I mean by good is some of it is, like, good advice. But if you hate him, you're gonna be clouded by that hate, right? And then, i- i- if he gives you, i- i- if he actually has, like, good advice on how to live but you don't listen to it because you hate him, then you're being irrational. Doubt avoidance tendency. Humans hate sitting with doubt, so make decisions to escape it. They will decide and act irrationally just to remove doubt and get out of a doubtful state. Example, if a prospect has doubts your service is worth their time, they will make the decision to not speak with you. By the way, I know that these are very short, sweet, and straight to the point explanations. There's way more to this than meets the eye, and I encourage you to google each and every one of these to read them in your spare time. Inconsistency avoidance tendency. Humans are biased towards not being inconsistent with identities, beliefs, and paradigms. They are reluctant to act in a way that is misaligned with their worldview or self-image. For example, if you get a prospect to intentionally schedule a call and remind them a few times of their decision to schedule, they're likely to show up as to not seem inconsistent with their prior action to schedule. So a lot of the time people just don't show up for calls because they forget they scheduled in the first place, which means that they don't have to act in accordance with their initial intention or worldview. Commitment consistency or confirmation bias. Humans seek to confirm what they already believe to be true. They are biased towards seeking information that confirms their existing perception of reality and reject that which does not align with their sense of reality. For example, prospects who think Facebook ads are best for their business will naturally seek Facebook ads as a solution to their problems, even if YouTube ads are better objectively. Or maybe you get someone who wants to think about it, so you, you get them to pay a deposit, which skews them to buy later. So commitment consistency is really simple, it's just if someone does something, they're more likely to do something or look for information that confirms that that was the right decision. Curiosity tendency. Humans are curious, and this drives their actions and decisions, right? They hate having half of the picture and they want to complete things and like to complete things in cognitive and intellectual terms, so they will typically act in accordance with this. So, I'm sure you've had this before where you should be working, but instead you can't help but watch that movie that you started last night. Like, your curiosity will skew your judgment and if you're curious about something, then you will pursue it until you understand it. Example, if you have a website with every piece of information under the sun about your product, you sap most prospects of the natural curious motivation to schedule a call. This is why I don't like websites with a ton of information about services. Curiosity is, like, one of the main things that you can leverage to acquire clients. Like, curiosity keeps them taking actions through and through to get to the call, and if you don't have it, then they're not gonna make decisions to buy. Kantian fairness tendency. Humans expect to be treated fairly and they are extremely sensitive to a perceived lack of fairness in the world, especially if it concerns them or someone they love. Example, if you have a prospect who works hard but doesn't make money, you can appeal to their Kantian fairness tendency by telling them they don't deserve to suffer like this, that it's not fair they don't have more, and that you want to bring fairness to the world for them with your offer. Excessive self-regard. There's a strong tendency in the human condition to believe that one is better than others. People believe they're better than other people, basically. They overestimate their abilities, skills, and decision-making abilities, and objectivity. Example, you have a prospect who says they've already tried everything that works. Because they tried it and think they're God's gift to the world and it didn't work, then it was the thing that didn't work, not their involvement in it. So if someone's like, "Oh, I've tried it all and client acquisition just will never be easy," it's like, do you really think that? Do you know what I mean? Pain-avoiding denial. Humans hate pain. To offset the feeling of pain, they often enter states of denial to warp their worldview and make things more bearable. This influences their ability to make rational decisions. For example, someone overestimates their ability to run their own Facebook ads and the ads flop, but they declare the problem was with Facebook, not them. Overoptimism tendency. A lot of humans have a tendency to be overly optimistic with life. They expect better outcomes than are likely or rational and overestimate how quickly they can get things they want. For example, prospects will expect results to be amazing, as this is a natural tendency in human nature, so don't be afraid to write too-good-to-be-true statements. Oops. Okay. Deprival superreaction tendency. So humans are loss-averse. This means they react badly to losing things they have and negative, the negative emotional weight carried by a loss is net stronger than the positive emotional weight carried by gain. So basically humans are more motivated by loss than gain. So if you've got, like, there's a saying here, if you have a, if you have a salesperson and you buy him a Ferrari and say, "For, if you make less than 10 grand a month..."

... one month, I'll get the Ferrari and take it away from you. But if you say to someone, "Once you get 10 grand a month, I'll buy you a Ferrari," they're going to be more motivated to keep it than gain it. So people don't like losing opportunities to grow their business. If you position your offer as a get it now or lose it type deal, you can leverage loss aversion. And social proof tendency. Humans have a tendency to base their actions and decisions on other humans' an- decisions and actions. If they see lots of people doing something, they're more likely to do it, monkey see, monkey do. Right? For example, on our website, um, I wrote, "We have four- 340 happy clients. Can't be wrong." So if you go to ... This, by the way, is probably subject to change. But if you go to our results page, it just says this. This is social proof. So if someone looks at this and thinks, "You've got 340 people like me who are happy, and they've made the decision. All right, must be the right thing to do." Social proof. Contrast misreaction tendency. People perceive things on a scale of contrast, always comparing something to its opposite to form a judgment. So for example, $1,000 seems expensive to pay for something when compared to $45, but seems cheap when compared to a million dollars. Right? So if I told you that you could buy a Lamborghini for $1,000, like a brand new one, you'd probably think that's quite cheap. Okay? But if I told you that you could go and buy, like, a pair of AirPods for $10,000, you'd probably think it's quite expensive. Everything is compared to its opposite. And authority misinfluence tendency. So, people assign believability to authority, meaning they're more likely to make decisions, judgments, and take actions because a figure of authority said it was the right thing to do. So for example, I have a YouTube channel for this very reason. It gives me authority and makes my word carry more weight and influence. Alex Hormozi, right, famous guy in the, in the online business space. Alex Hormozi could tell his audience to eat a bowl of honey for breakfast for no reason, and they'd be inclined to do it because he has the authority. (laughs) Like, a lot of people wouldn't even question it. If Alex Hormozi was like, "I eat a bowl of honey every day for breakfast." Like, he could give no reason, a lot of people would go and do that just because of the authority factor. Cognitive closure. So humans like closure. They like to, they basically like things to be in their place and proper, and they make decisions and take actions sometimes for the sake of closure, often preemptively without the right information. So for example, someone makes a decision on a sales call before speaking with their business partner because they wanted closure on the decision. Cognitive drift. It's common for people's belief systems to change over time and gradually. It can require a lot of evidence and persistent exposure to an idea for someone to adopt it as their own. So for example, someone believes a one-called close is impossible, right? But after enough exposure and, you know, e- enough evidence that it works, their mind will change. So sometimes people don't change their minds like that. (fingers snap) It has to happen gradually, and that's called cognitive drift. Cognitive dissonance. A lot of cognitive words here, right? So, (laughs) humans really struggle with contradiction. It's a massive problem, right? They find it difficult and cognitively uncomfortable to hold two opposing viewpoints or beliefs in their mind, and decision and polarization is a way to deal with this discomfort. So sometimes people will make decisions and take actions to alleviate themselves of the cognitive dissonance of holding contradictory viewpoints in their minds. So for example, prospects seldom purchase from two vendors offering the same solution, right? Or you might only want to run ... You, you might be thinking, "I'm gonna do cold email or cold calling," instead of considering both at the same time, right? Familiarity bias. This is a huge one, right? Humans are more likely to like, trust, love, and believe things just because they are famil- familiar. Familiarity is simply repeated exposure to something, right? So there's this insane thing, um, what's it called? Um, Stockholm syndrome, where this is scientifically proven to be true, whereby someone can get kidnapped and then all they are exposed to for, like, two years is their kidnapper, and then they can be rescued and, like, the ransom is paid for them to go home and then, like, a week later, they want to go back to the kidnapper. That's familiarity bias, right? If you've been following me on YouTube for, let's say, a year, and you've watched my videos every day and listened to my voice and seen my face every day for a year, then you're probably really gonna like and trust and love and believe me. And that's not because I'm necessarily right or wrong, whatever. It's just because I've served you a lot of impressions. It's like, why do we love our parents? Just 'cause they've served us a lot of impressions, right? (laughs) It's kind of fucked up to think like that, but it's true. Okay? So for example, most of your cold email replies will come from follow-up six plus, right? Because at that point, people have typically been exposed to you enough to feel familiar. "I kind of like this guy." So when someone's like, "Do you know what? I kind of like that guy," it's just because th- that person's just served you so many impressions or you've seen so much of them that, like, it's, it's how your brain determines what it likes. It's just how familiar it is with that thing. Okay? Now, there's reports of people studying, like, um, like, people who write autobiographies. Um, I'm sorry, biographies for famous people, right? And there's reports of, like, these, these biography writers, like, falling in love with the person they're writing the biography about, even if that person doesn't even exist anymore. It's kind of weird how that works, but it's familiarity bias. This is a funny one, the IKEA effect. People love things they build themselves or ideas they arrive at on their own. So this is the key bit here. So if, if you want someone to love an idea or be inclined to act on an idea, it helps for them to have it themselves. And so if you want someone to do something, it helps to plant the idea or let them arrive at the conclusion on their own. And you do that through questioning. It's easy to fall in love with the stimuli and the systems you create. So if you create a stimulus, you're probably gonna love it because you created it, more so than if I create it for you. And you should only ever love what works in practice, not what you've developed in theory. Another example, if you're on a sales call and you want someone to make the decision, you can say, "Well listen, mate, it makes sense to me. I wanna make sure it makes sense for you."Do you think it could be a good idea to do it? Just, like, 50/50, like, do you reckon it might be a good idea? If the answer is yes, they're more likely to love the idea, right? Because they had the idea, not you. Often proposing ideas is more effective than concluding at them for someone, right? So reciprocation tendency. People feel naturally obliged to give other people who have previous- to give, um... Sorry. People feel naturally obligated, right, to other people who have previously done them a favor or helped them. They're hardwired to give back, reciprocate, and respond in kind to others. So for example, you open up a payment plan to a prospect because you like them and it's such a good fit. They respond in kind by agreeing, feeling obliged to return the favor. And this is, by the way, why I never accept gifts from salespeople. So Sam Walton, the founder of Walmart, had a rule for all of his buyers, um, all of his retail buyers, to never ever accept a coffee or any form of gift from any salespeople ever, because if it's not your money you're spending and someone gives you a gift, you're far more likely to return the favor than if, if they didn't give you a gift, right? Ben Franklin effect. We're more likely to like people who we have done favors for and are more likely to do further favors for people who we have done favors for before. We like helping people we've already helped, right? So for example, you could email a prospect the day before the call asking for a simple favor such as, "Can you do me a big favor and confirm this is the right email address for you?" Even if you don't need to confirm it. To build this effect into your process, or you can, you can do that or you can remind people of the favors they've done prior to buying to get them to buy. So it's like, if you've done me a favor before, you're probably more likely to like me and do me future favors. Even more so than if I've done you a favor myself. So Benjamin Franklin, he used to give, he used to, like, get people to lend him books. If he wanted someone to, like, sign a massive business contract, he wouldn't go in with that at the beginning. He'd be like, "Hey, can you, like, lend me a book?" And then, like, at the end, he'd be like, "Hey, can you just tell me, what did you think of this book? Can you do me in the favor of just, like, breaking it down for me?" And then after a while, someone would have done, like, multiple favors for him. So when he said, like, "Hey, can you, like, sign this contract for me?" You've got this commitment consistency and this inconsistency avoidance tendency and the liking, loving tendency, um, and maybe the incentive tendency as well, like, all combining into one alongside the authority tendency. Y- you'll, you'll observe as I'm walking through these that (coughs) these, these biases, they, they all interrelate. They don't just stand on their own. They work in a confluence to produce outcomes, and that's an example. Information bias. Most humans are naturally wired to seek information before making a decision, even when they are, um, even when the inf- the information doesn't contribute to the knowledge they need to make the decision at hand. A bit of a mouthful there, right? But basically, what this means is that by nature, people are information gatherers and squirrels for opportunities. So people are biased towards seeking information that they don't need to make a decision. So for example, prospects may ask you for information prior to a call and then use this information to make prejudgments about your service, perhaps even not showing up. But if you know that people are biased towards receiving information regardless of its usage, and you want them to show up, maybe you can send them information that wouldn't lead to them not showing up, but it's just a bias, right? Or the action bias. Humans have a bias towards action. They'll often act on things they don't need to act on or fix problems that don't exist. Even if action is not required, humans will have an urge to act. It's kind of like if you've got a really tidy room, but there's, you're just looking for more things to tidy when there's nothing to tidy. We have an action bias, right? So for example, because of this bias, you can lean on it to encourage action. If someone replies to a cold email saying, "Rule set, I don't need your help," then you can respond with, "Well, let's see if there are any small improvements we can make." Because we know the action bias. Or, "Well, how about I just send you some information?" And you use that information to encourage action, okay? So this is a cool one. Non-adaptive choice switching. So this is basically where we say once bitten, twice shy, or it's also called the hot stove effect, right? Where Mark Twain's cat, there's a story of Mark Twain's cat. Like, he sat on a hot stove once and he never sat on a hot stove again or a cold one, right? So non-adaptive choice switching is the inhibition of making decisions that seem similar in nature to previous outcomes, or that seem similar in nature to producing previous outcomes that one has regretted experiencing. So that's just a kind of long way of saying that we don't do what we've already done that didn't go how we wanted it to go, right? So for example, if you include the word marketing in your email copy, you immediately categorize yourself with every other marketing agency that's fucked over businesses before. Not a good idea, right? You've got to think, like, what have these business owners done before and regretted? And then I want my decision and action that I'm asking to look nothing like that. Obviously, people have booked calls before and regretted it, but they're not going to not book a call. It's just the way that the call is positioned or the stimulus that encourages them to book the call that will lead to them not booking it, right? Escalation of commitment. This is a cool one. So also known as the sunk costs fallacy. This bias explains that people will escalate their commitment to something even if it isn't the right thing to do. It's a form of commitment consistency, right? But essentially, this is doubling down or tripling down on something, basically put- putting more resources into it, just because previous resources have gone into it. Right? So it's kind of like, you know, if you were, if you were making a decision in business and you were putting money into a project, and then it turned out that that project, there was something more important to work on than that. Like, you, you, you might have this sunk costs fallacy, this escalation of commitment, where you continue putting more money into something that you know you shouldn't be putting money into it, but just because you put money into it already. And so an example of this is if a prospector spent 60 minutes on a sales call with you and still hasn't bought, they're likely going to spend an extra 15 minutes because of the prior time expenditure, okay? Or if someone spends a lot of money with you, they're more likely to spend more because of the escalation of commitmentHot-hand fallacy. So this is a psychological condition that people believe, um, (smacks lips) or that, that leads people to believe that, like, an individual is hot or cold, right? Let's put it here. In which people believe an individual is hot or cold depending on past performance when that performance has no bearing on future outcomes. So this actually originates from basketball, right? Where, let's say you take a random player and you put them to shoot, like, what's it called? Like three-point court shots or something. I don't actually know. But, like, if someone's, like, performing really well, that doesn't mean they're gonna perform really well in the future, right? So if, if you put me on a basketball court and the first three balls that I shot all went in the hoop, you might think then that the fourth ball I'm gonna shoot is gonna go in the hoop just because the previous three have gone in the hoop. It's a really important, like, bias to understand because, well, it, it, a lot of people have it, basically. And an example of this is, like, you know, if you can demonstrate to your client that you're on a roll and that the last three out of 30 people to work with you got amazing results, then you're leveraging the hot hands fallacy even if the previous 27 people got bad results, right? So, like, by the way, if, if, if, if 27 people out of 30 get bad results, you need to seriously change what you're doing. And you don't wanna sell people, because that's unethical. But, like, you can just say to a client, like, "Dude, like, I'm on a roll. The last, like, four people that joined after this week, they've already got results." Now, that might lead them ... It's the hot-hand fallacy, right? Ambiguity effect. Humans try to avoid ambiguity and don't like the uncertainty it produces. They're less likely to act on things and make decisions that are or produce ambiguity. In fact, this should say are ambiguous. Let me change this. Okay. So for example, make your stimuli clear, straightforward, and understandable. The status quo bias. Humans are biased towards conserving their current methodologies or ways of thinking and doing things. They are biased towards believing the status quo is the best way to go. It's quite a common thing. Everyone seems to think that, well, it's kinda like y- y- in the UK, we've got the government. (clinks metal) They're literally called the Conservatives, and they're the most popular party at the moment. It's kinda how it works. And an example of this is, like, you can use words like traditional or tried and tested in your copy to give an indication that your systems abide by the status quo without seeming similar to everyone else. Okay? Dunning-Kruger effect. People who lack knowledge and skill commonly overestimate their competence while people who have knowledge and skill commonly underestimate their competence. Example, recognize your prospect will likely be overestimating their ability to run their business, and weave this into your stimuli with phrases like, "You know what to do." So what this means is the, if you're dealing with someone who's not particularly skilled or intelligent, they're gonna think they're more skilled and intelligent. (laughs) It's kind of like a, on average, that's just how humans see themselves, so it's an important thing and you can leverage it. The illusory truth effect. So humans tend to perceive claims or statements as truer if they have previously been exposed to them. This is why s- fake news can spread so quickly. So if I, if, if, if, if on this video I told you that the earth is flat and you'd never been proposed the flat Earth theory before, let's say prior to this video, but before watching this video you also read a news article to say the earth is flat, right? You're more likely to believe me because it's the second time around, because you've already seen the, the, the, the, the thing you've been exposed to before. So what this basically means is, like, if you want someone to agree with you or believe you, it helps for them to have been exposed to the idea that you're right or that the information is in some way sound prior to you explaining it. And for example, if you want your system, if you want your prospects to believe your systems work, it helps to wrap this, um, it helps to wrap this up into a certain claim or statement and expose it to them prior to the call. So if I want prospects to believe we can make client acquisition easy, I'll spread it over my stimuli. So if I want someone to think that I can get them results, then it helps for me to tell them I can get them results lots of times prior to the call happening. So, like, one of ... Like, our sort of motto, our vision if you'd like, is make client acquisition easy. Now, that's the vision for Imperium, and I tell everyone that. They're like, "What do you do?" I'm like, "I make client acquisition easy." It's like, "Why are you doing the YouTube channel?" Make client acquisition easy, right? "Why are you putting so much work into these modules?" Make client acquisition easy. Like, the more that I tell you, the more you're likely to believe it. But also, it means that if I tell you now, when you see it again later, you're more likely to believe the later is the truth. Okay? And rhyme as reason effect. Humans give more credence and believability to craim, um, to, to claims and statements that rhyme. So for example, a friend in need is a friend indeed. An apple a day keeps a doctor away. It might sound cheesy, but we do really make client acquisition easy, right? There's actually evidence to, to demonstrate in psychology that people are more likely to believe things that rhyme, and I'm not even joking. So it's a bias, right? If information enters the brain that is rhyming, like if, if people vis- if they see like a, some sensory input on a piece of paper and the words rhyme, you're more likely to believe them to be true, which is mad, but it's on average the truth, right? Now, obviously if I came to you and said, like, um, "Tonight when you get into bed you will be dead," you probably won't believe that, right? (laughs) Like, everything that rhymes isn't believable, but sometimes it helps, okay? This is the thing, like, oh, these cognitive biases aren't, like, bulletproof. It's not like every single person who lacks knowledge and skill will overestimate their competence. It's an average, right? And, and your niche is gonna have different averages and different things to the average population, right? So you need to be really careful overstretching these and overextending these to the entire populous of your niche when you might not understand them fully. But, you know, kind of the point. So, subjective validation. So people are more likely to consider a claim or piece of information to be truer or correct, right? True or correct if it has personal meaning or significance to them. For example, if a piece of cold email copy explains the exact problems a prospect is facing, they're more likely to act on it because it validates their personal subjective struggle. So basically, like, if someone comes to you and says something, if, if it relates directly to their personal experience, then they're more likely to agree with it. It's kinda like what politicians do where, like, they're like, "Oh, like, you know, you've, you, you had your job taken by an immigrant, so I'm gonna fix that." It's like, if that, if that actually has, is what's happened to you, not that immigrants take jobs, but you kinda get the point with what politicians do. I'm not pointing any fingers or making any judgments. I'm being really clear there. But my point is that, like, if that rings home to you because you feel like that's happened to you, then you're more likely to believe the politician, because it's subjective validation. Scarcity bias. Humans are biased towards acting to get things that are scarce or seem scarce. For example, when we start a mastermind, we'll have a member cap and limit how many new people can join every quarter. Okay. And by the way, like, you can blatantly use some of these on business owners. So if you're doing, like, a cold email and you say, like, in your cold email, like, "We only have five slots left this month," th- the business owner will probably know it's bullshit because you're sending them a bloody cold email. It's like, if you only had five slots left, you wouldn't need to be sending cold emails. So, like, you can't just be blatant with some of this crap. Right, true scarcity bias, right, is if someone, if someone's booking a call with Imperium, right? And they look at our, they look at our Discovery Call Event and they only see one slot available, or they check this and there's no slots available because we're fully booked. That's, this is scarcity, right? And we haven't done this by design, it's just a, a math ..

...
manifestation of being good and getting lots of appointments. But, like, if you've got less ap- the less appointments you have available, the more people are going to book, right? Now, you don't want to bill that off the beginning. I see some people recommend that you, like, close off your Calendly time so that you look busier than you are. I think that's just a load of bullshit, because of something called the availability cascade. But my point here is, like, it works in ways that are typically indirect. You can't just say to a business owner, like, "Hey," like, "we've only got five slots left," because they probably know you're bullshitting. But the average normal human probably would believe you, so it depends on your niche, right? Urgency bias. So this is a good one when c- when paired with scarcity. But humans are more likely to act now if they feel the action has urgency, which means it's not, if it's not decided or acted on now, there's going to be negative consequences. So, for example, uh, someone might be thinking like, "This system won't work anywhere near as well in six months after, like, f- after Facebook updates their platform. So it's something we need to act on quickly, otherwise we'll miss out on a huge opportunity." So if you want someone to buy your Facebook ads now, it might be useful to say to them, like, "Listen, we've got iOS 16 coming up in six months, and what we're doing now probably won't work as well then. So it's important we move forward right now because we don't want to miss out." It's an urgency bias, like, when you create a reason and a consequence of not moving forward now. Click-whir conditioning. So humans have knee-jerk responses that are conditioned into them. Most of their behavior works like a machine in a click-whir nature, and this leads to irrational decisions. And this is what I said earlier about, like, this is basically all heuristics, right? But it's what I said earlier about that robin, where it's like it sees like a, it sees a pile of orange feathers, like, it's an if this, if that, if this then that statement. It's like, it's an algorithm, right? It's like, you click the, the button and then the machine starts whirring. It's just like (clicks tongue) whir. Like, it doesn't, you don't even, there's no thought that goes into it. It's just how people operate. It's like a knee-jerk automated response. So, for example, if your copy looks like something everyone else sends to the prospect, then they will unconsciously cac- ta- categorize the copy as useless, and they will knee-jerk response it into the deleted folder every time they see it. So if you look like everybody else, then you're going to be treated like everybody else, which is in the bin. And then we've got the reason-respecting tendency. So people are more likely to do something if they believe there's a reason as to why they should do it. The reason doesn't have to be logical, just that it exists. So there's a really cool study on this. I'll keep it short. Um, it was basically, I'm not sure which university it was, like California or Los Angeles or something. But there was this study where, like, a group of students were lined up trying to use a printer in a university campus building, and there were these two groups, right? Two... This experiment was run. The first group would be like someone going in, or some people going in, trying to butt into the queue, just saying, "Hey, can I take your place in the queue? Can I butt in front of you?" As I'm sure you can imagine, wasn't many people that said yes. Then the second experiment, the second group, were people butting in, trying to butt in by saying, "Hey, can I please butt in? Because I need to make some copies." And they found that the compliance ratio was ridiculous in comparison. So, like, the second group were way more likely to be able to butt in than the original group. And, like, even though the, the reason was just so, like, obvious and simple, and that's why everybody was there, the people gave it more credence, and they, they acted irrationally, right? So example, um, including because, insert statement here, after your call to action in stimuli can contribute to better CTA performance because we're giving them a reason to move forward. Okay? Egocentric bias. Humans often rely solely on their perspective when making decisions and have high opinions of themselves that can lead to them thinking they're always right. So if someone has the idea, for example, if someone has the idea to not move forward with you, you cannot attack the idea directly as it's, as it's egocentric. To attack the idea would be to attack them. So instead, you need to use questions and empathy to bypass the ego. Anchoring bias. Humans have a tendency to rely too heavily on the first piece of information they learn, then comparing things to other things in the category, or the same category, against that thing, right? So their judgment is easily impaired by a particular reference point or anchor. This is anchoring bias. So anchoring is like why... It's basically where someone takes, like, a piece of information, and then anything else related to that piece of information is judged against the initial piece of information they saw. So let's say, for example, on sales calls, we always start by pitching a mastermind for $100,000, ev- regardless of who they are. We're like, "Look, we do a mastermind, it's 100 grand." And then they're like, "Well, I can't do that. Bloody hell." And we say, "Well, listen, we've got a course that's only $2,000." People would be more likely to think that the course is inexpensive if first exposed to the mastermind. This is anchoring, right? Availability misweighing tendency. If presented with two options, the average human will be more likely to pick the option that is most available. Humans typically default to the options that are most available to them. So, for example, the more follow-ups you do and the more often you expose your Calendly link to the person or the prospect, the more available the link is for them to click, and the more likely they are to click. It's honestly this simple. There's a saying in marketing that, um, the best ability is availability, and I believe it to be the truth. Well, maybe not the best one, but a good one. That's an example of, um, the rhyme-to-reason effect, in case you're wondering, right? So frequency illusion. After noticing something for the first time, there is a tendency for someone to notice it more often, leading them to conclude it's more common or has a f- higher frequency of occurrence. For example, if someone in your niche sees and believes one piece of social proof you have, they'll start seeing that social proof everywhere. It's kind of like when you want to buy a certain type of car and then you start seeing the car everywhere. You're like, "Oh my God, I want to buy a Tesla Model S. Oh my God, there's loads of Tesla Model Ss about." It's like you become more sensitive to them, right? Barnum effect. This is when individuals believe that personality or self-image descriptions apply specifically to them despite the fact that their description is super vague and can be applied to anyone. So you know horoscopes where it's like...Your daily horoscope, I mean, I've never read one of those. But you know when it's like, oh, like today, like recently you probably haven't been, like having the best time, but the future is looking really bright for you and you can already feel that. Well, that could fucking apply to anyone, right? And the Barnum effect states that like descriptions of people that are left vague, people will sort of like apply them to themselves and fill in the blank. So for example, right, during the sales process, it helps to tell the prospective customer why they're such a good fit and use their problem, situation, and personality as justification for your confidence in the fit, even if it's vague. For example, we love working with hard workers. It's going to work out well. So if, if someone's like, "Charlie, you've got so much confidence. Why have you got so much confidence?" I could say, "Well listen, we like working with clients that work really hard, take their businesses seriously, and want to get results as soon as possible. And you, you are that person, aren't you?" And I- And then like every business owner thinks they work hard, takes their business seriously, and wants to solve their problems immediately, like everyone. But you can use these vague sentences or these vague descriptions of human nature or personality or self-image, and people will naturally apply it to themselves and then they'll use that to make decisions. So it's like the ironic thing about a horoscope is it's self-fulfilling. So if you believe that you're going to have a bad day, then you'll start having, you'll start making the b- the day bad because it aligns with the belief you have about your day. So I don't like horoscopes. I think they're bullshit, for anyone ever wondering my perspective on them. I'm sorry if that offends you, if you've got, um, belief in them. But it's literally this once you understand the Barnum effect, horoscopes just don't make any sense anymore, right? And I don't know like specifically about like star signs and I don't really look into them, but I know specifically that horoscopes are just, to me personally, rubbish. They might not be for you, they might work for you, and if they do, that's totally fine. I'm open to having my mind changed, but I just feel like once you know the Barnum effect and research it, it kind of becomes obvious what's happening. It's like people are just making money telling you what you want to hear. (laughs) Um, that's kind of what client acquisition is, by the way. So zero risk bias. Humans have a tendency to seek to eliminate risk and pick the less risky option, even if the riskier option presents a better risk-to-reward ratio. So you've got two options and one of them is like extremely low risk, extremely low reward, and the other one is extremely high reward but extremely high risk, then you're more likely to pick the low risk one. That also c- applies, so let's say that you've got two scenarios. One is low risk, low reward, the other one is high risk, medium reward. Sorry, high, high reward, medium risk. You're still more likely to pick the lower risk option. People like to eliminate risk. Like they love eliminating risk. It's like one of the main things they love to do So during a sales call, example, during a sales call, Evergreen video, Loom pitch, or ad, position working with you as the less risky option as opposed to the high-risk option of them continuing what they're doing. So like if someone's like, "Charlie, I don't know if I should move forward, uh, it just feels a bit too risky," I'm like, "Well, I get you want to eliminate the risk. But what's riskier, coming on board to a program that guarantees return on investment that you cannot lose and there's no risk at all, or continuing to do what you already know doesn't work and risking the future of your life and business doing something that doesn't work? Are you more likely to get success with us or by yourself? What's riskier?" That's a really good way to, you know, leverage the zero risk bias. And you can use that in your ad copy and stuff, in your email copy, in your scripts. Humor bias. Sorry to any Americans, hmm, spelling it in the English way here, but humor bias. So humans often act irrationally, picking things or deciding to do things because they're funny or make them laugh. For example, telling the old joke in your stimuli or saying something ironic, funny, or downright hilarious can get people's attention in action, and I use this in objection handling. So I'll give you an example, right? So the, a while ago, this was m- this was a long time ago, um, I had someone give me an objection, and they basically said like, "Well, why, why should I work with you and not your competitor? Because you, you kind of do the same thing." And I won't name the competitor, but this competitor has like... he's quite, he's quite attractive, right? He's got a nice hairline. And I used this as a joke where I said, "Well, Mr. Prospect, my competitor is, like I can tell you one thing he's got better than me going on and that's his hairline. But in terms of client acquisition, boy oh boy, can I sort you out. And that was just an ex- that was just an example that came to mind like (laughs) from, from ages ago. But that guy was like laughing. He was just, he found it really funny and it completely diffused the tension. And it made a good point as well. I was like, "Listen, mate, like if you wanna, if you want someone for their looks, like if you, you know, the dude's got great..." 'Cause he was, he was saying something like this person comes across as like more professional and like his image seems to present like a better sort of display. I can't remember what it was exactly, but I said, "Look, mate. Yeah, he's got a better hairline than me. I can't compete with him on that, but where I can compete with him is on our appointment booking systems, because I spend no time looking at my hair and all my time looking at my calendar. Would you rather look at your hair or your calendar?" And the guy laughed and was like, "I get your point." So you can use humor, um, i- within reason, right? But I, you know, we've got clients that embed it into their like, um, cold email copy and stuff, and we use it in memes and it's, it's a really cool thing to use. I like using it. So hyperbolic discounting is another bias. People are more inclined to make decisions and take actions that get smaller, immediate rewards instead of larger rewards later down the line. If you've got two options, one gives you immediate gratification on a smaller scale and one gives you like delayed gratification on a really large scale, you're gonna take the earlier option m- most of the time. You might not, but people will. For example, position your offer in a way that can produce immediate gratification and results and rewards while maintaining its long-term integrity. So we used to do this with North Flow Consulting where we'd position it where like if someone bought, we would get them like 100 appointments in the first week, and people loved that. We were like, "Look, it's gonna work in the long term, but if you buy it immediately, within a week you're gonna have your calendar full." And we used database reactivation to accomplish that, and so we, we leveraged hyperbolic discountingAnd if you're wondering, it was by design. The ostrich effect. It's common for humans to bury their heads in the sand when trouble is brewing or they don't want to see the truth for what it is. And you can use this. For example, position your offer or service as a way for the prospect to bury their head in the sand, th- so that they don't have to worry about it and you've got it for them, right? So, for example, you can say to them, "Look, I know that appointment booking is something you hate, and I know that you'd rather bury your head in the sand and not even pay attention to it. But I am the sand. You can bury your head in my business, and I will take care of it for you, you don't have to worry." As an example, right? Another example, or appointment, um, cognitive bias or heuristic: groupthink. So groupthink is a phenomenon that manifests when large groups of crowds, um, or l- large groups or crowds of people get together and start thinking about things, and it becomes extremely irrational. Groupthink. So, for example, you know when people, like, run those live free seminars to sell their products and often pay actors in the crowd to demonstrate extreme enthusiasm? Well, they're doing that to get others to get swept up in groupthink. So my friend went to, like, a property event a while ago. Um, this guy was trying to sell, like, a property course for, like, eight grand or something, and, like, the dude had people in this, in the, um, in the crowd who were, like, pretty obviously paid actors. And, like, these paid actors would, like, hype up the crowd, and, like, if the guy was like, "Who's gonna buy this thing?" then they'd all put their hands up. And then, like, you start to get this groupthink phenomenon from these, from these few people. (ping) Number 50 is the recency effect. So things, ideas, statements, opinions, and arguments that came, um, last are remembered more clearly and with more prevalence than those that came first. So, people are more likely to make decisions on information that's more readily available in their mind, and the thing that's most readily available in their mind is the thing they can remember the most recently, which is the thing that happened th- most recently to them. So, for example, if a prospect is making a decision between you and four other vendors, make sure that you're scheduled in to talk with them after the three other vendors have pitched. Or that, that would be four. So, like, if, if they're like, "Oh, yeah, I'm deciding between you and this person," it's like, "All right. Well, when are you talking to that person? On Tuesday? Well, how about we talk on Wednesday?" You know, because then you're gonna be the last option, you're gonna be the most available, they're more likely to pick you. 51, verbatim effect. Can't believe we've got through 51 of these already. I'm just ... I know I'm flying through them, but, you know, I d- I don't want this to just, like, uh, this video could literally be, like, six hours, seven hours, eight hours long if I'm not careful. So, I need to be, um, conscious of the fact that, you know, what, we've gone, I've tried to go for quality and quantity here, right? A lot of people, ph- right, would just say to you, like, "Yeah, there's these heuristics, and here's a Wikipedia doc, go and f- figure 'em out." I'd rather do it for you, right? So it takes some time. Anyway, verbatim effect. So people reduce conversations and complicated encounters down to simple understandings that are easily remembered, and then they use the simple understandings, not the nuances of complicated encounters, to make decisions, typically suboptimal ones. So, like, if, if someone's got a whole massive array of information about an idea, then they'll condense that all into the verbatim of the idea, and then they'll use the verbatim to make the decision. So, for example, when pitching a prospect on a sales call or writing a cold email, you only want to include key details and differentiate between what is slightly important and what is vital to understand. So when you build, like, a cold email, w- my favorite thing to do when I'm auditing someone's cold email copy is remove, like, half of it. I'm like, "Right, what do you actually need to say to get someone to make a decision?" And then you just remove everything else, and the verbatim of the whole thing should just be action. Because when it comes to this stuff, less is often more. So number 52 is the envy/jealousy tendency. So humans get envious and jealous when they see other humans like them obtaining or maintaining things they desire or want. And as Buffet says, "It's not greed that drives the world, but envy." So, an example, if a business owner has friends crushing it, they will naturally envy their friends and want similar results. This is only, this is certainly leverageable if exposed to during a sales process. Or you can turn to an authority in their space, and they will naturally envy and maybe hate, and promise to help them beat that authority. So, like, for example, I don't know, let's say that I was talking to a gym owner and they were like, "Oh, yeah. Jerry down the road has a gym, and he's doing so much better than me, and it really makes me angry." And I'm like, "Well, why?" He's like, "Well, he just gets all these members, and he's got, like, a suboptimal service." It's like, you can then use that envy, and you can, you can b- build that into your script and your pitch and everything. And by the way, I know I'm, I'm applying a lot of these to sales scenarios. Like, you can, uh, you can apply these way more often than you think to stimulate outside of sales, but sales is just the most immediate example that comes to mind because it's direct human interaction. But you could do it in email copy as well, where if you know that everyone in your niche is, like, jealous of a certain person, then you can use that person as a scapegoat and be like, "I can help you beat this person," for example. And by the way, like, I want to re- I want you to recognize that there are gonna be tens of thousands, if not hundreds of thousands, of u- millions of unique ways that you can apply all these biases. And, and these examples I'm giving you are so limited and constrained. Like, I could give you, like, a dozen examples of each one just immediately off the bat. But like I said, I need to be concise. So, facial attention bias. Humans trust faces, and their attention is biased towards images containing faces typically conveying emotion. For example, I use pictures of my face displaying strong emotions in my thumbnails to get clicks. Pretty straightforward. First, conclusion bias. Humans are biased towards the first idea they discover, and often this limits their natural curiousn- um, drive to explore alternatives. Part of the commitment/consistency bias, this is. So, for example, if you have multiple purchasing options available, make sure you explore the one you want them to pick the most first. Um, sorry, I haven't actually written that correctly. Um, make sure (laughs) you explore the one you want them to pick the most first, right? Okay. So that's kind of the point. First-conclusion bias, people ... Like, it's, it's, it directly contradicts what we talked about earlier with, um, the recency effect, right? So these do contradict each other, but you can use them as you will. So those are the, the main ones from academic study, like 54 cognitive biases. There's way more, and I'm gonna show you how to discover more. But the other ones that aren't included here may not be as relevant to client acquisition, but there are gonna be some that I've missed, there's gonna be some blind spots that I've got. So, those are those ones. But now what I want to do is I wanna walk through Morgan's heuristics. So these are ones that I've discovered. I haven't discovered these, or, you know, invented a lot of these. A lot of them are just ones that I've, um, I've observed, but there's not specific names for them or they're not listed academically. So these are heuristics and biases that don't officially academically exist, but I've observed them and used them to sign nearly a thousand high-ticket B2B clients at this point. And then they'll get us, m- more thousands, I promise you that. And they're from my observations, so some of these I didn't invent or discover them myself. I've just sort of observed, and they seem to have worked, so, yeah. I'm not, like, naming them after myself, but I didn't really know what else to title this segment of the video. Um, so yeah. So let's start with, um, numero un. Permission-based misinfluence is one of my favorites. So humans like perceived control in situations relevant to client acquisition. They're far more likely to agree to something or make a decision if the person making requests asks for, for their permission to ask in the first place. Basically, it's asking to ask, and the whole point is like, "Well, since you asked so nicely..."

I'll give it to you, right? So for example, my favorite cold messaging opener revolves around asking them for their, for, for their permission for me to pitch. And this gives them a false sense of control and makes them feel respected. I love permission-based misinfluence. It's such a wonderful thing to use, right? Frame-based misreaction. Emotional... And by the way, uh, you won't be able to Google these 'cause I've, I've kind of named them myself 'cause I didn't really know what else to name them, but yeah, they, they should make sense. So frame-based misreaction. So emotional states are contagious. In a conversation between a prospect and a salesperson, whoever is most persistent in their frame will win, and a frame is an emotional state or viewpoint. So for example, when on a sales call, if someone is talking with doubt, I will never enter their frame and join them there. Instead, I'll set my own frame of confidence and stay in it until they join me. Either you buy their doubt or they buy your confidence. So like if you're making a Loom or a VSL or something, like you want to be in an emotional state, a frame, or like in a position emotionally that you want them to join you in. So if you want someone to have confidence and trust in your ability to do what you're saying you can do, it helps for you to present it in a way that encourages that confidence and trust, and the only way to do that is to trust yourself and have confidence. So when you do that, when you, when you recognize that emotions are contagious, um, and that the frame that you set for a conversation or a pitch is the frame that that person is likely to meet you at, it becomes important to recognize your tone. So psychological attrition tendency, persistence. This, once again, I named this, right? But the threshold for action is decreased when persistence is applied. Children understand this. To get what they want, they just won't stop asking. And it's a real shame that we're conditioned to hold back on persistence as we grow into adults because it's a weapon. So the reason that most entrepreneurs and business owners struggle to be persistent is because their parents told them to stop it 'cause it was annoying when they were younger. And that's a huge shame. So example, I don't care how many rebuttals it takes. If I'm on a sales call and someone is a fit, I'll sit on the phone for three hours and stay persistent if I must. I will also follow up on people a ridiculous amount of times and just don't go away. Never say, "This is my last follow-up." So people are like, they'll, they'll do like two follow-ups on someone on a cold email or a cold message, and then they'll be like, um, "Oh John, I've already messaged you twice, so this is the last time I'm, I'm gonna email you." Don't do that. You want people to be like, "Fuck's sake, how many more times is this guy gonna email me?" Right? Because persistence, like there's a psychological attrition to this, where the more persistent you are, it's like the law of attrition. You're just slowly like, you're, you're just, uh, degrading slowly over time their psychological defensive, des- defenses to not making the decision. The more persistent you are, the more likely they are to actually decide. So it helps just to constantly be like, "Come on." And you know that like, um, you know that, that scene? In fact, let me see if I can find this for you. Um, you know this, um, this scene from Family Guy Luis. Luis. Luis. Luis. Mom. Mom. Mom. Mommy. Mommy. Mommy. Mama. Mama. Mama. Ma. Ma. Ma. Ma. Mum. Mum. Mum. Mum. Mummy. Mummy. Mama. Mama. Mama. What? Hi. (laughs) You know that? Like, I don't know if you've seen that scene before, but like that kind of encapsulates exactly what I'm trying to say (laughs) with, with psychological attrition tendency. It's like Chinese water torture. You just don't go away until they give you a reaction. And sometimes it will be that negative one where it's like, "What?" And sometimes it won't be. But persistence is, is, it's just so, it's just so important, so use it. So graduality tendency. Some decisions and actions require gradualness, meaning they start as unfathomable ideas that would never be acted on and gradually become concepts that can be entertained and then become concrete and manifest into reality. So for example, it once took me 11 months to sign a single client. On our first call, he said there's no way in hell he'd ever buy. And as an experiment, I sent him a testimonial or result every month via email. So after this guy told me he wasn't gonna buy, I basically scheduled like, I think for 12 months, like an email to go out every month, on the end of every month with a case study, right? And I did this personally. And 11 months later, the, the, f- the, well, you know, the second to last month before I'd stopped following up on him, he emailed back saying, "All right, you got me." And then he bought. He was like, "Send me a payment link." And this can be paired with the attrition tendency, but like you, people... Sometimes people just need time out. It just needs to be like a gradual process. And just because someone says no now doesn't mean that with enough attrition (laughs) and persistence that you can, you can wear them down. And simple digestibility. Simple gets better results. So humans are more likely to act on things that are easily understood. Simple words, simple images, simple stimuli work better than overcomplicated messy ones. Just say what needs to be said and leave it at that. An example, when writing copy, try using words that are so simple it could be understood by a young child. Now, I know I'm being a little bit, uh, hypocritical here, because I named this bloody thing asymmetric psychological leverage when I could have just called it biases that make decisions. But slightly different when it comes to stuff like this, 'cause I have a lot of fun with these titles. But when it comes to getting people to do things and client acquisition, it really helps just to keep it simple, okay? Relatability bias, right? Oh, I accidentally got rid of a number six there. So relatability bias. If a human can relate to someone, they're more vulnerable to influence from that person. Just gonna bring these up. So for example, I understand you want to get to know the price before buying. So this is like if someone sent me a message like, "Hey Charlie, I wanna schedule a call. What's the price? I wanna know the price before I buy or before I book a call," then I would say like, "Look, I get that you wanna know the price before buying, but if you had a prospect who was perfect for you, would you want to give them the price without any form of value to attach to it?" So like sometimes you can use relatability to persuade people.It's kinda like if someone was like, "Oh, Charlie, like, I don't wanna get on a call because I'm too busy." It's like, "Well, if you had a prospect who you thought could be a good fit for you and they said that you were too busy, how would that make you feel?" "Uh, I probably wouldn't like it." "Well, then let's book a call, 'cause I can relate." You know? Understanding bias: if you understand, they'll trust you more. Humans that feel understood are immediately more likely to trust the person who understands them. "If she knows me this way, she must be able to help," is what they'll say. Feeling understood is often synonymous with feeling trust. So like, if you demonstrate you truly understand someone's situation and you can speak their life back to them, then they'll just assume that you know what you're doing and under- and, and can solve their problems. It's a wonderful thing to do. So for example, during the objection part of a sales call, or if dealing with a thorny reply on cold email, I'll make a huge effort to truly put myself in their shoes and mirror their exact thoughts and emotional state back to them. And this is a true fucking weapon. It's such a po- powerful thing to do to have the understanding bias on your side. Originality bias, right? And I've actually put here, made this up, right? So (laughs) I didn't mean to have this in the title, 'cause I was just categorizing them earlier. But if we just delete these, these, and these. I say made it up, like (laughs) I kinda technically did in the sense that nobody else has labeled this stuff before. But when I say made it up, I actually mean that, like, I've observed it and seen it. But anyway, you kinda get the point. So originality bias: In client acquisition, humans are more likely to respond to initial stimuli if they are original. You don't need to get original with calenderly event or even sales questions. It's more so the stimuli that is entry level to the system, right? So, wh- when I say original, I don't mean, like, you need to have the most original sales script or the most original calender event or the most original funnel. It's usually the things that get the attention in the first place. It helps for them to be, you know, different and original. And no, originality for the sake of originality won't work. It still needs to be effective. So if I sent someone, like, a ... emailed someone, like, a picture of a banana and said, "Book a call?" with a random picture of a banana, like, it's original 'cause nobody else has ever sent it to them before. But whether or not that would work, I don't think it would, right? (laughs) So you kinda get the point. Like, you can be as original as you want, but if it's not good, it won't work. And for example, our original Loom system works so well because it's original and hasn't been copied by 10,000 people, right? And then the same thing applies to creativity bias. This is exactly the same as originality bias, but just with creativity instead. So for example, when following up with people, we use memes that are creative and funny, e- even if I do say so myself, um, and are unique to us. So creativity, originality, prospects will be more biased towards making decisions and taking actions on triggers and stimuli that they haven't seen before and that are creative and original. Ten, live up to an expectation bias: Humans crave to live up to expectations set for them by other humans. For example, I can tell you're the kind of person to act if you know it's the right decision and make sense. So like, another example of this would be, like, let's say you've got a family member who doesn't recycle. And then, like, one thing you could say to them is like, "You really strike me as the kind of person to recycle all the time." Like, you, I can just tell you're just one of those people that just doesn't re- doesn't stop recycling because you love it so much. Like, if you're with them in the room, they're gonna fucking recycle. (laughs) They, people love living up to expe- th- they, they love to live up to expectations that other people have set them. So you can do this with your client acquisition systems, where it's like, you know, like, "You're a rational business owner, and this is a rational decision because we've got a guarantee. So can you see how I want this to work?" You know, you kinda get my point there. Live up to an expectation bias. FOMO bias, right? People hate missing out on things, especially if other people around them are getting it. So an example you could say in your email copy is, "The last thing I want is for someone else to scoop this up who might be a worse fit than you." Don't miss out. And disarming honesty bias. I love this one as well. This is up there one of my favorites. Nothing creates trust better than radical transparency and honesty. Honesty disarms the prospect of skepticism because, you know, it kinda builds trust. What's the opposite of trust? It's skepticism, right? Um, because, you know, what I've found is that if you want to build trust, you just have to get rid of skepticism. That's kind of like if you want to build confidence, you just have to get rid of doubt. And like, that's how I like to see this. So, one way to do that is, is just through, is just through honesty, okay? So, um, people who tell the truth are to be trusted, right? You can tell, um, a person the truth, but then you, you can, sorry, you can tell someone the truth and then use the word but to segue into a statement of believability. So, what I mean by this is, like, if you tell someone a hard truth and then you say but and then insert another statement, the second statement has more believability to it, and the person will trust the second statement more because you've already told them the truth. So you could say truth but lie, and they're more likely to believe the lie because you've paired it with a truth. So for example, I'll give you an example of this specifically. "So Mr. Prospect, I cannot get you 150 appointments a month, unfortunately. But if all you need is 20 or 30, then that's something I can truly manage." They're more likely to believe this if you tell them that you can't do this. Another example, "I know you wanna get to 100 grand a month in the next 90 days. But if I'm honest, it's gonna take us at least 12 months. I need to be honest with you about that. Is that gonna be okay?" It's like, fuck, how, how the hell can someone not trust you when they say that? And John, can I tell you the truth? You know, do you just wanna make a effort to be like, as honest as you can? I use this in cold calling as well, where like, i- if I cold call a business owner, the first thing I'll say to them is like, "Look, John, I'm gonna be completely truthful with you. This is a sales call. Now, you're welcome to hang up now, or give me 30 seconds and then decide." 'Cause like most people who do cold calls and they pretend they're not selling anything. Or like a cold message, for example, it's like, "Hey, Steven, I'm trying to sell something. Don't suppose you want me to pitch it? Or I can leave you alone if you'd rather." It's like the disarming honesty combined with the permission, they're, they're two just wonderful weapons to use.Novelty bias, shiny object syndrome. Humans are shiny object lovers. New things entice and excite them. Positioning your offer as a new and shiny and never seen before thing can trigger action, right? And let me put the word thing in here. Okay. So for example, a lot of marketing agencies started selling TikTok ads, um, as they were new and shiny, or you could position your service as something you have never seen or tried before, guaranteed. So, this is something we did early on with Imperium because people always thought that like, they ... Everything had been done before. So, I said to people, "Look, I'll guarantee you that you have not seen this Loom thing before or this cold messaging thing before. And if you have, I'll give you back your money." And that just completely like ... The novelty bias there is just off the charts, right? And conviction bias in sales. So, things stated with confidence are more believable to the average person regardless of their efficacy or validity. If you want someone to share your confidence, you need to have it. So, for example, if I, if I tell you that this will completely change your life, it's going to be a pretty powerful statement when stated with conviction. So, people are more likely to have confidence in statements that are stated with confidence. It's very simple. Casual bias, which is believing people who have casual conviction. So, professionals who are casual about their skills are often regarded as authoritative. Having a cool, collected tone when discussing how great you are and your offer is very effective. So, I do this a lot in sales calls and on Looms and stuff, where like instead of being all hype and shit, I'll just be like, "Yeah, man, I mean like, dude, you need like 20 appointments a month. I mean, fuck me, man. That's like, that's like one a day. Like, that's nothing. Like we book 20 a day. Honestly man, you're gonna be so easy to please." That's just, it's like such a casual way of saying something so powerful and confident. And like, it's kind of like if you were ... Let's say that you were talking to an investment banker and then you were like, "Well, how much money did you make last month?" He's like, "I don't know, man. It's like, I think like 72 grand or something like that. So it's not a huge amount, but you know, pays the bills." Like, when, when someone's that casual about something that's awesome, like it makes you believe them more because it just seems like an everyday in the life for them. So, I like doing this on sales calls. I like doing it a lot, and I like doing it in my Looms as well and other things. I'm like, "Look, we do this day in, day out. It's nothing new." Like, I used to get really excited when people got to 10 grand a month, but it's happened like 50 times now. So, I'm kind of just like, it kind of just happens, you know what I mean? But when you say it like that, they'll be like, "Fucking hell, this guy is, this guy's a killer." Right? Tried and tested bias, old school tradition. Often humans trust in f- comfort. Sorry, often humans find trust and comfort in old school methods or tried and tested strategies. If you remember earlier, this links to the sca- status quo bias. But if something is stated as proven, battle-tested or rooted in- in undisputed and ancient method, it's more likely to be trusted. So, an example of this, I'm not sure if you're familiar with him, but Jordan Peterson, right? A lot of Jordan Peterson's ideas are thousands of years old from the Bible. And so like if Jordan Peterson is proposing an idea which could be to do with anything from like how you should live your life to how you should construct a relationship or a marriage, he'll, he'll get you to believe it by linking it back to something the Bible said or something that Moses said in some, you know, 5 BC or something. I don't even know, right? But people like things that are proven and tested and trusted and old. It's kind of like stoic philosophy. It's like, it's got this tried and tested bias to it where it's like, or like, you know, think of the book, um, How, How To Win Friends And Influence People. Like, it, it's like, I don't know how long ago it was written, but it was written like a long time ago and yet it's still being printed today. Now, that's got a tried and tested bias to it. It's like Discourses by Epictetus has like stood the test of time by like thousands of years, right? So, when you know it's old and still working, you like it. So, for example, Imperium relies on strategies and methods of thinking that are hundreds of years old and have stood the test of time. They worked then and they're even better now. So, if I said to someone like, "Yeah, dude, like we use stuff that Charles Darwin said," and he was bloody right. It's like this tried and t- ... You can get your authority. If you don't have authority yourself, you can get it from external people, right? So, if I didn't know what I was doing, I could be like, "Listen, like, dude, I'm gonna teach you how to build client acquisition systems in alignment with what Jung said about psychology, what Freud said about the unconscious, what Darwin said about evolutionary biology, and what Watson and Crick said about genetics. Now, that might sound weird to you, but those are some pretty bloody smart dudes, and I've applied everything they teach and put it in client acquisition. And all of their ideas that are tried and tested and understood and agreed on by everyone, I'm gonna teach you on how they apply to acquisition." Then it's like, "Okay, well, I think you can do what you say you can do." Selfishness tendency. Humans are selfish. If you want to persuade them, appeal to their interest and not to reason. Most people only do things out of their self-interest. For example, if you do this, you can keep it all to yourself and not share it with anybody else. Oh, whoops. Okay. Pattern break bias. Humans have in-built pattern recognition systems. They group certain stimuli into batches or categories and use these categories to make unconscious decisions of rejection. For example, how many times have you received a cold email only to delete it without even thinking? It's because the body copy looks similar to stuff you've unconsciously categorized as worthless or pointless. Very simple. Mystery bias. Something shrouded in mystery creates interest and action to find out more. It's closely linked to the curiosity bias. For example, if a prospect asks how it works, you can say, "Good question. It's actually a bit of a secret, but I'd be happy to share it with you on a demo." Politeness bias. Humans react well to people who treat them with respect and are nice to them. Please, thank you, you're the best, et cetera, goes a long way. For example, "Thank you so much for your reply, it means a lot to me." Right? Just being polite is ... People forget this, but people are biased towards believing and agreeing and taking action for people and towards people who are polite. Effort perception bias. Humans are more vulnerable to persuasion by someone who has put a lot of effort into their approach or helping them. For example, this is why a simple Loom works so well. Even if you put no effort into it, it's the perception of effort that counts. So, if someone thinks, "Do you know what? He put a lot of effort into it, I better talk to him." It's a reciprocity thing, it's effort perception. Drama queen bias. Hyperbole is a great method to encourage action. It never hurts to exaggerate a person's problems and the effect those problems have. It never hurts to help them exaggerate their dream and your confidence. Right? So, for example, if I, if I'm talking to someone on like a Loom or a cold call or something, I could be like, "Look, if we don't fix this problem, as far as I'm concerned, it's the end of the world." Or I could say something like, "Listen, John, I am extremely supercalifragilisticexpialidocious-ly confident that we can solve this problem." I haven't tested that one. It came to mind when I was doing this. But you can use hyperbole as a weapon to, you know, lengthen your confidence and lengthen the extremity of a situation or someone's perception of it, because the more serious a situation is perceived to be, the more likely someone has taken action on it. Right? Like, you wanna make the problem look huge to solve it. Disqualified identity bias. It often helps to disqualify people from your offer and explain who the service isn't for. By doing so, you make the person more likely to think, "This is for me," especially if you understand them so well. So, one of the best ways to make someone feel included is to demonstrate to them that there are people who are excluded, who are not like them. So, for example, this isn't for people who are looking for an easy get-rich-quick sort of scheme. We want people who are committed for the long term and understand that success takes time. So, it's kind of like you could put this in your email copy or anything, or an ad, and it's like, "By the way, this isn't for people who just want to get rich quick." It's like, well, everybody believes that get-rich-quick schemes are bullshit, so everyone's gonna think that that disqualifies a bunch of people who aren't them and it makes them feel more included. It's like an us versus them thing. Remove self-concerns bias.

Remove self-concerns bias. People often have concerns about their abilities, or their identity or skill set, concerns that might, eh, hold them back from making decisions to move forward. Removing these concerns encourages decision. So it's similar to the di- di- to the disqualified identity bias, but slightly different. So for example, on our funnel, it says, "You don't need to be an internet whiz or a computer geek to do this." So, we have some clients who are slightly older, who worry about their technical ability, right? And so, we actually put on our funnel, "Listen, like, even if you're not good with computers, it doesn't matter." And you might think that this has the opposite effect. If someone is really good with computers, they might be like, "Well, then it's not for me." But that rarely happens, because they don't even read it, because they don't resonate with it. The show-and-tell bias. This is great. So people believe what they see more readily than what they are told. You know that old saying where it's like, "I'll believe it when I see it," or like, "I'll believe in ghosts when I see a ghost"? It's the same thing with client acquisition. Like, "I'll believe that you can do it when you show me you can do it." If you want to prove a point, show them, don't tell them. So for example, our reps don't tell prospects, "We can book 20 calls a day." They show them their calendars. Right? So like, eh, eh, one of the things that our reps will actually do, on a sales call, if someone's like, "I don't know if it's going to work," it's like, "Well, we use all of these methods to get our own clients. And this is my calendar, this is my colleague, Colleague 1's calendar, and this is Colleague number 2's calendar. We're all fully booked." So for example, right? If I just pull my bookmarks up here, and if I go to here, you can see my calendar here. But if I get rid of this, if I go to Jack, you can see that this is Jack's calendar for the week. If I go to Isaiah, you can see this is Isaiah's calendar for the week. He's one of our reps, right? And then if I go to Sebastian, you can see Sebastian's calendar for the week. So if I, I can just say to you guys, like, I could, like, well I have done this, right, but I'm not trying to persuade you to do anything here, I'm just telling you what works. But like, eh, you know, if I said to you, like, "Listen, if you know all these biases, you can book 20 calls a day." And now I'm like, "Well listen, if you know all these biases, this is what your calendar will look like." (laughs) You know, it's like, if people then, eh, eh, just get, like show, don't tell, it's just such a powerful thing to do. Um, and it really does help you with, um, you know, with getting your point across. So if you can show them, show them, instead of telling them, right? So if I say to someone, like, "We have detailed, lengthy videos," and they don't, they leave no stone unturned, instead of telling them, I'll just show them, like, this is like a three-and-a-half-hour video on, like, systems thinking, right? Little bonus bias. Oh, that's a bit of a mouth, innit? Little bonus bias. Sounds like a rapper. Often the difference between someone acting and not acting is a tiny point that breaks the critical mass of their threshold. So it's like the straw that breaks the camel's back, right? So for example, I could say, like, if someone's on the fence on a sales call, or booking, you know, booking to schedule, at the end I could be like, "Well listen, one extra tiny thing if you're on the fence. If you book, I'll tell you my best gym-related joke. It won't help your business, but it should make you laugh." So like, if you're, you know, if someone's on the fence to book a call, it's like, "Listen, if you book the call, I'll tell you a joke, and it should make you laugh, and I think you'll love it. Doesn't really have any additional value to your situation at all, but it might just cheer you up a bit." You know, it's just like a little bonus, right? I like using it a lot. Doesn't have to be this exact example, but, you know, you can say, "Oh, if you, if you book, I'll give you this extra little PDF." Sometimes it's just like one tiny little additional value stack that just moves all the difference, basically. Okay? So, um, one-of-a-kind bias. This is a really cool one. Um, if people believe that they can only get what they need and want from you, they're gonna buy from you. So for example, you could say, "Our product isn't like anything else you've seen before. You can't get this information and these results anywhere else." You als- obviously need to back it up, right, but I could, I could sell this product by being like, "Listen, like, we've got a foundations module that is completely unre- unrivaled. You will not find any information like this, ever, anywhere else at all, in any way, shape, or form, because I created it and invented it." And then I'd show them. Like, here's the, here are the vid- here's the videos, here's an example, right? Instruction clarity bias. Humans like clear instructions when making decisions. They like to know that if they act and make the decision, there's a clear path that gets them exactly what they want. So it's like also, kind of like show, don't tell bias, but a really good strategy you can use is to label exactly how it works step-by-step. Right? And just show them, like, "This is exactly what we're gonna be doing. This is exactly how we're gonna be getting you results, and exactly what order we're gonna be doing it in." So for example, if someone's on the fence during a sales call, I'll ask them if it would be helpful to understand in detail the exact six steps we're taking with them to get them what they want. Sometimes they just need to understand, like, exactly what they're doing, in what order, so that they have no, like, chaos, and then the order is brought, and then they make the decision. Exclusivity bias. Humans like acting on things that make that thing exclusively theirs. For example, "If you work with us, we won't work with anybody else directly in competition with you." And this obviously is only gonna work for local businesses, this exact example, but you can apply it elsewhere. Hard-work bias. Humans, specifically business owners, overestimate their work ethic. This is leverageable. For example, "I know you're a hard-working business owner, and that's exactly why I want to work with you, one hard worker to another." And then the trend bias. Humans are more likely to fall prey to the trend bias if they think they can capitalize off the next big thing. Mass trends are popular and encourage action. For example, "What we're doing..." This is li- this could be like in, like your stimuli somewhere. "What we're doing is at the start of a big trend." Correct this. "What we're doing is at the start of a big trend, and I want you to get in early so you can have that early mover's advantage." And that's something that you could say to someone to encourage them to make the decision to act in accordance with your stimulus. Remember, like, these are, these are things that we can put into our stimuli to trigger actions. Justification bias. People like to understand why things work the way they do. If you state something, it helps to explain why you've stated it, why you do it that way, or why you do it at all. See also reason-respecting tendency. (laughs) The reason we do it like that is because it works better. So someone might be like, "You, Charlie, you said that you do Facebook ads, and you do it like this, why?" "Well, it just works better."You wouldn't tell them anything but that, right? Well, you can tell them other things, but if they ask why, you need to tell them why. Quantitative speciciv- Oh my goodness, that's a mouthful. Quantitative specificity bias. Can't say that one too quickly without slipping up. Quantitative specificity bias. People are predisposed to believe numbers, quantitative values, and statistics if they are seemingly specific. For example, if I told you that we've seen success with 83.3% of our clients, you'd probably be more inclined to believe me than if I just said we've seen success with 80%. Specific numbers look more believable. And then 34, overdone it bias, which is, you know, if you've used too much leverage. So biased leverage can be taken too far. Sometimes it's best to, um, you know, fire parts of a stimulus from the hip without calculating every single part. So what I mean by this is, like, if you're gonna leverage biases, you need to do it properly. You still need to seem like a genuine human. So what I'm saying is, like, when you're creating a stimulus, right? When you're creating something, it helps to use biases, but not for every single little detail and point. Because if you do it for every single little detail and point, it can look weird. Like, you might have read an article or an ad that feels really slimy or seen a funnel that doesn't feel natural. Like, that's when someone's obviously tried too hard, okay? And then once again, reminders, serious ethical warning, right? So that's, that's all of them. That's, that's 88 cognitive biases or heuristics that most people use to make decisions, or the average person uses to make decisions, that you can leverage and basically understand. And then you can tweak qualities and characteristics of your stimulus to trigger action by using these things. Like, I've given you examples for all of them, and I've explained all of them. You won't understand them all in full detail and the detail you need to do it, but you should have a good place to start. So, ethical warning. Obviously, you know, actually I've changed this, right? So we have, right? We've and hold up discussed. So we've discussed heuristics of the mind that we can use to create confidence and trust to get people to take the actions we want them to take. It's important, um, okay, it's important that I have your awareness, and that with this knowledge comes a gr- great big responsibility. I'm trusting you to use this module as a force for good. Please only use these if you know you can genuinely help people and are acting within their best interest. So please, for the love of God, now that you know this stuff, only use it if you actually intend to properly help people. I don't want anyone using this if they have malevolent intentions or don't actually want to help the people, they just wanna make money. Like, I have... In case you're wondering how I see this ethical thing, because you might be thinking about this and wondering like, "Is it ethical to use these?" Like, "Is it morally right to, like, leverage these things now that I understand them?" And the answer is that if it's within the best persons that you're talking to, but if it's within their best interest, the answer is yes. Like, the way I see it is it's like, you know, I'm happy to manipulate someone and leverage them and use qualities of, qualities of their mind almost against them if I'm doing something that I know can genuinely help them. So I'm happy to manipulate someone if by manipulating them they are better off for it. Because a lot of the time, specifically with this business, what I found is that people need this program, and if they have this program and use it, their life will be better, but there's a lot of things that stand in the way w- stand in the way of them making those decisions, and I will do everything in my power and use all my knowledge of psychology to manipulate them into buying. Even sometimes against their will if I believe and genuinely know it's the right thing for them. If it's the wrong thing for them, I, I won't do anything. If someone's like, "Do you know what, Charlie, I don't... This isn't the right fit" and it's not the right fit, then I'll just be like, "No worries." But if I know I can change someone's life, and if I know that on a sales call or sending a cold email that I can actually just completely transform someone's business and life, and it requires me to get my hands dirty with these biases to do that, then so be it There's nothing wrong with manipulating someone if it's with their best interest at heart, and you're not just doing it because you want to get something from them if you're doing it because you genuinely want to help them and know you can. That's how I justify this, okay? And note, these are models of behavior and do not apply every time in a binary sense. Not all of them exist in every scenario of human activity. They're not always relevant to acquisition. You don't need to bear every single one in mind when crafting stimuli. So you don't need to, you're not gonna be using, like, all these all the time, right? It's just understanding them and reading them and ingraining them into your paradigm and philosophy for dealing with humans allows you to unconsciously create stimuli that always work. So when I write email copy, to begin with, when you're crafting stimuli, you're gonna have to revert back to this document and maybe label which ones you want to include and where. But when I write something now, if I'm creating, like, a sales script or making a sales video, I don't even have to think. Like, these, I just use these without even thinking about it, because I've been using them so much and I'm so aware of them. So it's gonna take a while for you to get used to using these, but with enough practice, eventually you can just, like, fire from the hip. And, like, that's what I do now with YouTube videos, I do it with funnels Like, an example of this is this video on this funnel. This funnel might not exist when you watch it, but this video here, the first, um... What is this? The first, like, three minutes here, this is one of the best converting funnels we've ever had. I think we've put, like, I don't know, like, 1,000 calls or something with this funnel in, like, a year. Um, but this, this funnel, like, this first three minutes here, I just completely made it all up. I had no script. I had no, um, like, no framework or anything I was going off of. I was just like, "Yeah, I'm gonna convince people to book a call." And, like, if you watch this video, I mean, it might not exist when you're watching this if it's a couple of years from now, whatever. But, like, it's stuff like this, like, I just, I kinda just made it all up on the spot. And if you listen to this, there's lots of cognitive biases and heuristics leveraged throughout here, and also through this part as well, through this results page, right? But I didn't even realize I'm doing it. Like, when I was thinking, like... (laughs) You know, when I was designing this module, I was like, "Why the hell am I so good at this? Like, what do I understand that other people don't?" And then I realized, I was like, "Shit, it's just this stuff," right? So..That's the 88, um, heuristics and, yeah, now let's talk about the next part of the video. The cognitive bias codex is a resource and tool that I've been using for a very long time. And it basically explains, like, a bunch of different cognitive biases and I thought I'd include it. I, I, I take no credit for designing this thing. (laughs) Um, but basically in the resources there's gonna be an SVJ file. Now, we are moving our host for documents, so there's a chance that the file I'm trying to upload won't be available in the resources section. If it's not, there's a link here. But there should be a resource. If there's not, it's on the file, right? Um, but you can open it to view the cognitive bias codex. Credits to Wikipedia. It's fucking awesome. You can view it by clicking here. So basically, this is a really awesome resource, right? And you've got, like, you've got these cognitive biases, um, that revolve around what we should remember, what happens if there's too much information, what happens if there's not enough meaning, and what happens if we need to act fast. And then what it does is it sort of breaks down all these individual, you know, this, this, this sort of quadrant of the mind into these individual key components, right, as you can sort of see listed here in different colors. And then it actually breaks down all of these different biases that contribute to that specific thing. You can see, for example, here we've got zero risk bias and IKEA effect and loss aversion. These are the ones that we've talked about. Loss aversion is, um, the private super reaction tendency, right? Um, sunk cost fallacy, right? Escalation of commitment, right? It's also here as well. So you can sort of see, like, I've covered quite a lot of these for you, um, specifically. But I like this because if you click on one, what it will do is it will take you specifically to, um, to the Wikipedia page for this. So here's one that I didn't cover called the halo effect, right? So the ha- the halo error or the halo effect is, um, is basically where, like, if you have, um, if you have, like, a positive impression about someone, um, then you can apply that to other areas where that person exists, right? So it's kinda like if someone's an angel, you'll think they're angelic in all of their activities. Um, and it's a pretty cool thing to understand, but I didn't include it because, well, there's just so many to include that I picked the ones that I thought were most important. But anyway, so that's the cognitive bias codex. I j- recommend that you study it, and I'd recommend that even if you're not sure that one of them applies to s- acquisition, just see if you can make it apply, um, because, like, all ... If you understand ... Basically, what you're looking at here is, like, everything you need to know about the human mind to get people to make decisions. And I've covered 88 of them, so a lot of these you'll be familiar with, but a lot of them, um, aren't. So an example is a negativity bias, which is our natural inclination and nature to pay more attention to negative things than positive things, right? So you might want to include this in your email copy. For example, um, if I go to my YouTube channel here, right? And I go over to my YouTube videos, what you'll notice is that sometimes I'll upload videos, um, like this one, You've Been Lied To, right? The Truth About SMMA. Like, 2,000 views. Or The End is Near for Any SMMA Doing This. This is negativity bias that I'm directly leveraging. It's like a negative thing. Another example of someone that uses this a lot is Graham Stephan. All of Graham Stephan's videos leverage the negativity bias, right What's up, pe- Like, the, the Fed just broke in the market. Congress wants to reset investing. Savings at risk. Home prices have fallen by 50%. The Fed just crashed the market. The next Great Depression. Congress wants to ban investing. Buy and sell coffee. The worst economic collapse is coming. Like, this dude makes it seem like everything is the worst thing ever, right? (laughs) So, you know, th- th- this is an example of, like, a bias that I haven't included that should've been included, but I oversaw because there's literally hundreds of them and it's hard to prioritize individual ones. So, my understanding of this is very thorough, but I also need you to realize that there are gonna be things in here that you can still use that, you know, this, this is no by ... This is no means, you know, the, um, the be all and end all of, of quality biases, and there's more than what you can see on here, but these are the main ones. Like, you can see here, um, like, we've got the hot hand fallacy, for example, illusory correlation. So, you know, have a look. I would just ... I, I've spent hours upon hours upon hours just studying these, and you can click on one and then it will, like, give you, like, the description of it. And then the cool thing is it will actually, like, link other things that link to it. You know, like, you can also see belief perseverance and then, like, this is how you open up a rabbit hole of learning. But I like doing it because the more you know, the more you earn, right? The more you learn, the more you earn. It's what Warren Buffett says. So, now let's talk about the Lollapalooza effect because there's not much point in understanding biases unless you understand, like, what happens when you combine them. Because one bias standing on its own doesn't produce, like, much of an influence, but when you combine a lot of biases together and they all act in behavior of a, of a specific outcome, then you get this thing called a Lollapalooza effect. So, it's a weird name. It's not about the festival, unless you're familiar with the festival. But it was coined by Charlie Munger, who's Warren Buffett's business partner, and if you haven't studied him, I'd recommend you do. But the Lollapalooza effect is a phenomenon that describes the critical mass-like nature of human decision-making and action. So, if you've ever heard of the phrase, "the straw that breaks the camel's back," you'll know what I mean here, where, like, one plus one doesn't always equal two. One plus one can equal three. Right? So th- that might make sense to you ... That might not make much sense to you right now, but it should in a second. So, when you combine these biases, these heuristics here, into your stimuli, you can trigger typically irrational actions in humans to get them to take, um, action to go down your client acquisition process, right? Irrational actions are often necessary, so don't be afraid to conjure up irrationality in people you can help. Often, the end decision to purchase is the sum result of the combination of many multiple cognitive biases all aggregated to produce the decision. So, another example of the Lollapalooza effect i- is like, let's say there's an economic recession, right? Like, an economic recession might not ... It's like a huge event, right? It's a huge problem that happens, a huge thing. But, like, it's not just caused by one simple thing. It's caused by, like, lots of little things contributing and then one small thing comes along and then blows the whole thing up, right? So with cognitive biases, right, the, the Lollapalooza effect does apply here. So, like, if you have ... If you take bias one, like one bias, a second bias, and a third bias, like, if you combine them all together, it doesn't mean you get, like, you know, three times the effectiveness. It's like just because you use three biases doesn't mean the effectiveness is, like, three times as much. Like, the Lollapalooza effect is non-linear and unpredictable. So bias one, bias two, and bias three could equal effectiveness of three just as likely as it could equal effectiveness of 100 or 45 or 12,000. So, the Lollapalooza effect states that when you combine multiple biases that are all working in favor of a particular outcome, you can get this, you know, exponential-like effect where it all just kinda goes mad. (laughs) So someone might make a, like, a completely irrational decision to buy from you, like, on the spot immediately, and that's usually only gonna happen when you've got multiple biases working in that favor. It's usually not just, like, one specific thing. There's usually a lot of them. So if you want someone to book a call, like, and they want, you want them to make that decision, like, just right now, almost irrationally, like, immediately without much thinking, then you need to use multiple biases to get them to do that, because one's usually not enough. Usually two aren't either, right? So here's a direct quote from Charlie Munger on cognitive biases and how they work. Because the Lollapalooza effect, this is what we are trying to accomplish, right? So when someone makes a decision to buy from you or makes a decision to schedule a call, we have successfully achieved Lollapalooza, right? We have put together a stimuli or a set of stimuli, right? We've put together a stimulus or a set of stimuli with, that are underpinned by, um, words and facets..

... or characteristics that directly trigger and appeal to and resonate with biases of the mind. And when we've got enough of those put together, we get this massive, effective, huge action like booking a call or making a decision. So and this is what Charlie Munger says, right? I wish there was... I wish Charlie was my namesake, but he's not, right? Kind of gonna pretend he is, right? Anyway, so this is the tendency to get extreme consequences from confluences of psychological tendencies acting in favor of, of a particular outcome. The most important thing to keep in mind is the idea that big forces, right? And by force, he means heuristic here, is that big forces often come out of these models. Oh, sorry, no. Force would mean, like, decision, right? So if someone says, like, a big force, if he's like, a big force can come out of these models, he means, like, a big decision, like to buy something can come out of, you know, these individual biases, because these biases are mental models, right? So when several models combine, you get Lollapalooza effects. This is when two, three, four, or more forces are all operating in the same direction. And frequently, you don't get simple addition. It's often like critical mass in physics where you get a nuclear explosion if you get to a certain point of mass, and if you don't get anyth- and if you don't get anything much worth seeing, you don't reach the mass. Sometimes the forces just add like ordinary quantities, and sometimes they combine on a break point or critical mass. And that's... This is like a cool little diagram when you've got lots of disciplines all working together. So an example of the Lollapalooza effect outside of client acquisition would be this foundation's module for this program and my understanding of client acquisition. So the Lollapalooza effect for me, for client acquisition, is me combining the force and discipline and model of evolution with genetics, with, um, bacterial mutation, with systems thinking, with psychology, with rationality, um, with, with Darwinia- with Darwinism, with chemistry, with physics. Like, what I've essentially done is taken all these models and combined them and applied them to my client acquisition systems and paradigm, and by com- by combining them all, I've reached this critical mass of expertise where I'm just so fucking good at it and client acquisition is so easy, and that is what I want you to accomplish. There's a whole reason I put together these foundational modules is to teach you my forces and models that I use to accomplish the Lollapalooza effect of easy client acquisition, because client acquisition does not become easy until you have a confluence of forces all combined to achieve critical mass of experience and expertise together to produce it, right? So that's exactly the point of this. And so, you know, when you're looking at these biases here, like, you, you can add drama queen bias to your copy. There's show-and-tell bias to your copy. You could then also add instruction clarity bias and exclusivity bias, and then all of those things might produce, like, an average result, right? But then when you also add envy/jealousy tendency to the mix, it just completely blows up, right? Or, for example, you could have egocentric bias, anchoring bias, and a reason/respecting tendency in your, in your stimulus, right? But then as soon... And it just kind of performs just below KPI, but then as soon as you leverage the Dunning-Kruger effect, vwoom, like it flies up. So it's like, don't think that just by adding an extra bias, it's gonna add like a little bit of extra effectiveness. Sometimes it will just completely make the whole thing ten times better, if that makes sense, um, and that, that's how it works. It's a, it's a confluence. So for example, like, you know, the, the Lollapalooza effect isn't possible for me without my understanding of cognitive biases, because if, if I just understood systems thinking and the scientific method and Darwinism and some irrationality stuff, but I didn't understand this thing, if I didn't understand the heuristics of the mind, then I wouldn't find client acquisition easy. So to find client acquisition easy, that, that, that is literally an effect. It's a Lollapalooza effect, which is a combination, a confluence of aggregated models understood to the point where you can apply them to acquisition and things just get really fucking easy. And I tell you what, when you get here, it's the best thing in the world, because you can just make money and make hundreds of thousands of dollars every month without doing anything, and that's sort of the point that we're at now with Imperium, and it's really fun, but you need to learn a lot to get there, right? So final notes. Everything you need to know to craft, create, and build effective stimuli can be found in this video. By the way, you can use these and you can use your understanding of these biases and heuristics to recognize them in yourself and prevent yourself from making irrational decisions. So like, this is a double-edged sword, this information, because it helps you craft stimuli that encourages irrational decisions to get people to buy from you, but it also helps you prevent being... Like, it stops you, if you understand it, from being irrational, um, in the face of stimuli that leverages your heuristics. Now there's actually something called the G.I. Joe effect, right, which is an interesting word for it, but the G.I. Joe effect is a cognitive bias that basically represents a human's, um, estimation whereby they believe that just by being aware of a cognitive bias, they can overcome it. So the G.I. Joe effect is a- is ironically a cognitive bias that states that people think that just by being aware of a bias, they'll overcome it. It's not... Like, just being aware of it isn't enough to overcome it, because I can guarantee you now that, like, even though you're aware of these, you're still going to act irrationally. Even though I'm aware of these, I still, I still sometimes act irrationally, right? You're no foolproof person. But my point here is that you can use your knowledge of these not only to craft stimuli that create irrational behavior, but to avoid making irrational behavior yourself in the face of stimuli that would encourage that, right? But anyway, so everything you need to know to, to craft, create, and build effective stimuli can be found in this video, and you can also use that knowledge, of course, to prevent irrational decisions. But if you want to know how to write good copy, create brilliant sales scripts, or design funnels that work, or ads, or whatever it is, you just need to understand people and how they think, or in this case, don't actually think, right? Influence goes deeper than whacking a few testimonials on a funnel and guaranteeing results. It's really deep, and the deeper you understand it, the better your results will be.Humans use heuristics to make decisions. A decision leads to an action which is exactly what we want from the human in our client acquisition process. Design your stimuli with heuristics in mind to make your stimuli more effective at triggering action. There's 88 heuristics in this video. Obviously, I'm not recommending you use them all or start craning, cramming all of them into everything you do. You obviously wanna be smart and, you know, recognize that these are not binary models. They're simple representations of the human psychology, which is an extremely complicated thing to, to understand. But I'm hoping that by giving you these, in fact, I know that by giving you these, you're far more likely to produce stuff that works. And I'll leave you with this in closing. When you write something or produce something like a stimulus, if you can't justify why you've done it in a certain way, you probably haven't paid attention to heuristics. It's like you, everything that we do is by design, and eventually, you'll get to the point where you won't have to justify it because you'll become a true expert. So when s- when I write copy that works, like, I might not necessarily be designing it specifically to work, but I've just designed so much that works that over time I have this sort of intuition for it because I've learned these heuristics from an early point. Um, but for you, it might be a little bit more tricky. It's gonna take some time to learn these things. But dude, this is the whole, this is it. Like, I've just given you the secrets. Like, these are the secrets to client acquisition. Like, it, it, that's literally it. It's just heuristics. It's just biases. If you know them and understand them, then you can create, you know, the, the, the key in accordance to them. So, in summary, so we, we recapped the acquisition first principles, um, where we, you know, we basically just sort of established that it's really just like human stimulus and action, right? We then went on to talk about stimulus effectiveness and how s- effectiveness isn't binary. You know, it's kind of like a, um, it's more like a spectrum, if that makes sense. Um, we then discussed the human component. We talked about the mind and how decisions are made unconsciously and consciously and how like a human is a body and a mind, and, you know, we want the body to take action, but we need to, you know, have the mindset, the action first. Um, we then talked about lock and key theory, which is a, you know, really key thing, hmm, pun not intended, right? A really key thing (laughs) to understand, where, like, if you want to design a key, you need to understand the lock first, right? And if you try and design a key for a lock without knowing the lock, then you're gonna make a key that's wrong, and that's how most people approach creating a stimulus. We then discussed the, um, like, introduction to heuristics and biases and, like, what they actually are, and we talked about how a heuristic is like a, a, a pre-programmed thing or bias that information is processed through and it skews information and, you know, prevents us from making decisions that are rational or, you know, that we otherwise wouldn't have made, basically Um, we then discussed the origin of cognitive heuristics, and we talked about, like, we just temporarily visualized Beau in a caveman uniform screaming, "Ugh," at the top of his lungs running away from a lion, which was quite entertaining, I'm sure. But we talked about why heuristics exist and, you know, why we like, like why our brains are, um, in love with efficiency and, you know, how these things contribute to our survival. And then we talked about the leverage list, right? So we talked about, you know, 54 of these cognitive biases that are academically studied that you can observe, um, in lots of humans and they can help you, you know, craft stimuli. Um, and then we discussed Morgan's heuristics. Obviously, like I said, I'm not claiming that I've discovered these ones or invented them because I don't know if I have. Some of them I might have, I don't know. But, um, there's an extra, like, 34 cognitive biases that, you know, you can use, um, in your copy and your stimuli to help you make better stimuli for decision-making for people. And then I showed you the cognitive bias codex, so this wonderful thing that, um, I can't take credit for, but it, it's fucking awesome, and you know, there's a link here if you wanna view that. Um, the Lollapalooza effect. Obviously, we discussed this just a second ago, whereby, like, this is what we're trying to achieve, not only with the multidisciplinary thinking for client acquisition, but also specifically for your stimuli Like, when you've got enough heuristics leveraged, you start to get extreme outcomes such as people just randomly chucking their money at you. And like, that's kind of what happens. Like, once you really get the hang of all this stuff, like, you can just print money. And I'm not even joking. Like, you can just print money. And it really is, like, I, I, that's exactly how I would liken it to. Once you know this and you've got a good product, you, you're unstoppable. How could you not be, right? Once you understand it and you can keep your emotions in check and you can stay rational and you've got a good product and you've got some decent savvy team building systems, nothing will stop you. You wanna make 100 grand a month? It's easy, right? So anyway, that's, um, that is the module on asymmetric psychological leverage. I hope it has helped you see the world in a different way, and I hope it's changed your life because, well, understanding this stuff has changed my life and it's made client acquisition unbelievably easy for me. So I hope you enjoyed it, and I'll see you in the next video. Thanks for watching