# 5.4. Building Outbound Systems

(instrumental music plays) Hey, everyone. Charlie Morgan here, and welcome to Building Outbound Systems. So in this video, I'm gonna walk you through my very straightforward seven-step process to building systems for getting clients from the ground up. I'm gonna walk you through how to build these outbound systems, um, so you can actually start booking appointments and getting some sales calls on the calendar. Now, I want to preface this video by telling you that I know that this is a very m- shiny object of a video, okay? And I know that there's a temptation for a lot of you to come straight to this video from just joining the program, or to skip a bunch of videos prior to this one, um, in pursuit of some shiny object or some template or script that will fix your entire business. If you've done that, then fundamentally, this will not work. What I need to w- what you need to understand is everything in this program has been built to be followed in a linear fashion, okay? So if you haven't completed week one in full, if you haven't completed week two in full, week three and week four, this won't work. Like, just having, like, a little system for cold email to get appointments, like, if you can't get clients right now and you're struggling to book appointments and you're struggling to get calls, the chances are that it's your foundations that are the problem, it's your mindset that's the problem, it's your expertise or your service that's the problem, or it's your sales process that's the problem. And I, and I, and I know that you won't see the relationship between those four variables and your lack of appointments, but it's going to be incredibly apparent. If you've done all the work up until now, m- step by step in a linear format, as per my recommendation throughout the program, then you're going to have no issue getting clients with these outbound systems. But if you try and build these outbound systems without having done all the work prior, then they're not going to work. And I'm just going to tell you that straight up. Now, second of all, in addition to the shiny object warning, what I have to do is skirt the boundary between value and, you know, making sure that y- you're building things out quickly and we're not getting too bogged down here. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to give you a very straightforward seven-step process. What I cannot give you are scripts and templates and, you know, things that you can copy and paste. The reason I cannot do that, and don't get me wrong, I would love to, but the reason I cannot is because there's gonna be f- tens of thousands, maybe even hundreds of thousands of people going through this module. And if I give you a script or a template or, "Just say this," or, "Just copy this," or, "Just copy that," then what's going to happen is all of those things are going to saturate very quickly and they won't work anymore. Okay? The scripts, the templates, the processes, the SOPs, like all of the actual concrete stuff that you need is in Easy Grow. And as you're well, well aware, the reason I've made this program is to tee you up to become an Easy Grow client. That's my intention. And I will mention Easy Grow a few more times throughout this video in full candidness and transparency. That's why I'm making these videos. So with that said, this video will help you. It will give you, um, a very clear idea as to what outbound systems are and how to build them yourself. But what it will not give you is the specific shiny objects that you can just blindly copy and paste, because it would be unfair to the thousands of Easy Grow clients that I've got to give that to 100,000 people for free, if that makes sense. So with that said, it's still going to give you what you need to get started. But don't be surprised if you have to flesh this out a little bit yourself and think for yourself, as you always have to do anyway when it comes to building outbound systems. So we're going to talk about the seven components, and then step by step how to actually build these outbound systems, mad scientist, Lollapalooza strategy, primary, tertiary, secondary, and cold calling priority. Now, very important you understand again, please, for the love of God, if you haven't watched week one, week two, three and four, and completed all the action items in full, go back and do them. Do not be impatient. Do not shiny object to the, m- to these client acquisition videos. You can, but you just won't get results. Okay? And I know that some of the videos are long, I know some of them are boring, I know some of you don't want to do them, but just go where the pain is. All right? Okay. So let's get into it and have a look. So welcome to Building Outbound Systems. In this quick crash course on outbound systems, we will explore steps on how to set one up alongside all the tools and softwares that you can use. So what I am actually going to do is give you all of my tools. I'm going to give you all the softwares and recommendations. We're going to set everything up together here. So seven components. So first of all, in order to build an outbound system, you need to understand, like, what actually is it made of? Because we, we can talk about the system being the input, the process, the output, the feedback, the environment, but, but really, like, if we're getting down to brass tacks and first principles, like, what is an outbound system? Well, the, the term outbound system is an aggregate term used to describe the following seven things. And when you have the following seven things in place, you have an outbound system, in the same way that a cake is flour and eggs and sugar and water, whatever the hell else you put in a cake, right? I don't know. And so, you know, when we have this, this macro term, it's actually a, a thing to describe all these little things that we put together, in the same way that you could have a car, but then what makes a car? Well, you've got the wheels, you've got the chassis, you've got the alloy- alloys, you've got the, the windscreen, you've got the, the roof, you've got the seats, you've got the seat belts. And all those things added together make a car, right? So these are the components, in linear order, of what you need to build step by step. So first of all, you, you need a scheduler. So you need a scheduling software with an event configured for someone to book a call. Um, so you actually need to be able to schedule someone in for an appointment. And don't worry, I've got instructions on exactly how to set this up. We've got platform. So the platform that you'll be reaching out to people on. So, you know, are you doing social media DMs? Are you doing emailing? Are you calling them? Or are you sending letters and sending things out in the post? W- we need stimuli. So your stimuli is basically the things that you expose to prospects to encourage them to take actions to book a call. So for example, a stimuli could be the email body copy. Your stimuli could be your subject line in your email. The stimuli could be the script that you use when a, when a, when a decision-maker answers on a cold call. It could be a GIF that you send someone to follow up on them with. Any, any sort of package of persuasive information that you send to someone is a, is a, is a stimulus, and aggregated together, they become your outbound stimuli. CRM sheet. So a spreadsheet used to track all prospects that enter the system.Lead source, a source to actually generate leads where you get your prospects from. Because, you know, in order to reach out to someone, we have to find a way to reach out to them and we have to know their name, we have to know their, um, like, if, if we're calling them, we need to know their phone number, we need to know their business or what, if they don't have a business. Like, we need to know information about them in order to reach out to them. Then we need a metric tracker. So a spreadsheet used to track all your data in the process, that you can track information accurately and, you know, inform scientific decisions through objective feedback, as opposed to subjective emotion. And then your delivery mechanism, which is the mechanism that you will use to expose the stimuli to the prospects, okay? And so if you have these seven things in place and you build these seven things out, then you have your outbound system together. Because an outbound system without a platform can't exist. It can't exist if you don't have a scheduler. Well, it can because you can just arrange it, like, manually, but that's a nightmare. Um, same thing with your stimuli, your CRM sheet. These are all things that you need and without them you don't have an outbound system, in the same way that if a car doesn't have wheels, then it's not a car, right? If a car doesn't have an engine or some, some, um, you know, obviously, like, a battery or something, if it doesn't have a method of propulsion, then it's also not a car. So building an outbound system is as simple as building these seven things in order. And the quality of results you get from an outbound system are determined by how well you set these things up. And so, I mean, if we take a look here, really, like, if this, if this square that you can see on the screen here represents the outbound system, then it's your CRM sheet, your stimuli, your scheduler, your metric tracker, your lead source, your platform, and your delivery mechanism. All these things together create the outbound system, okay? So we need a way to get the, the prospect's information. We need somewhere to actually reach them to, reach them on, because, you know, there's, there's no way you can contact someone with no platform. We need a delivery mechanism. So are we calling them? Are we sending an email? Are we gonna be DMing them? We need a metric tracker, so a way to actually keep a log of all the data, a scheduler to get them to book in, um, stimuli to actually expose to get them to book in, and then a CRM to keep a log of everything that we're doing for the prospects. So we've got a simple step-by-step process here, and we're gonna get into the building process. Um, now I wanna ... Again, I know that I talked about this at the start, but it's important to understand that, like, all of these components that you're looking at, like, you're gonna have to build them yourself here. And what I'm doing here is I'm ... But for the sake of, um, saturation and keeping things, um, and allowing for emergence to take place, it's a phenomenon where basically, like, things emerge without, without bias. And what, what I'm trying, what I'm trying to say is all of these things, I'm gonna show you how to build them, but I'm purposefully kind of leaving it a little bit vague so that we have lots of variety and lots of people creating different systems instead of just, like, everyone trying to, like, you know, copy the same thing, 'cause then you get this monoculture that's very vulnerable and won't work And so EasyGrow specifically comes with all of these components pre-loaded. And as much as I would love to, I simply cannot give you all these pre-loaded components because it would be unfair on clients that have paid (laughs) for those systems and for those components. But I can point you in the right direction and give you the second-best thing, which is instructions on how to build them yourself. So, you know, if ... Again, as, as you've probably been, uh, well aware of my EasyGrow pitch over and over again, all of these things, like the lead sourcing strategies to a T, to the SOP, all the stimuli, all the scripts and templates, like, um, advanced scheduling setup, all the metric trackers, all the delivery mechanisms, the CRMs, these are all built already in EasyGrow. So when you buy EasyGrow, um, you have access to all these components pre-built, which means that you don't have to create them yourself. We've, we've kind of done them for you, and you can just copy and paste them. But obviously in this, I, I can't give you them, so I'm just giving you a heads-up. So the first step is to set up your scheduling software. So in order to book an appointment, we ... You, you know, we can do that by emailing someone and saying, "Hello. Would you like to book a call with me?" And then they will reply and say, "Yes." And then you'll say, "How about, you know, tomorrow at 4:00 PM?" And then, then you've got to wait for them to reply. Scheduling manually is a nightmare, so what we want instead is a simple calendar link that we can send someone that will allow them to then book in, um, on their end, if that makes sense. And it's connected to your calendar and it's all set up and very straightforward So what we're gonna do is use a software called cal.com, um, and I'm, um, partnered with them, so if you use this, it benefits me, for full transparency. But cal.com is probably by far, at the moment, the best software that I can think of for you to use to make this as simple as possible and also allow you to get the best results. Now, cal.com I think is something like 15 bucks a month, um, which is ridiculously cheap for what it does, um, and it's well worth doing. So we're gonna have to set this up. So let's, um, have a look at doing this. So what you want to do is head over to cal.com and you can use this link here. Um, just for full transparency, this is a referral link from me, so I will benefit when you purchase through this referral link, okay? So I'd really appreciate it if you did that. It means a lot to me. Cool. So what we're gonna do is head over to cal.com using this link, and we're gonna click here. And you're just gonna go sign up with Google. Hang on, just give it a second. And what you wanna do is just select your Google Workspace account that you set up in week one, and we'll just come through here. And just allow it to continue and select All. So you just continue here again. Okay. And now it's just gonna ask you for your username, so you can just put your full name in here, like this. And I would just suggest you do like this. So you've just got your username in here. Pretty simple. Just save it. Now you're gonna press "Connect Your Calendar" so this can actually access your calendar, the Google calendar associated with the, with the email obviously. Um, and that should just be connected here, like this So you just wanna make sure that it's turned on, like this. And then create events on, um, this calendar here. Connect your video conferencing app. So what you then want to do is you're gonna wanna connect Zoom. Um, I'm not gonna connect this 'cause I don't actually have a Zoom account associated with this email. Um, but you wanna connect your Zoom video here, okay? Um, and you should have a Zoom account. And if you don't, then you just gotta go and get one and then connect it. Set your availability. Now what we're gonna do is turn everything on for availability from 12:00 AM, like thisAll the way to 11:59 PM, okay? And the reason we're going to do this is because we're going to set our availability in the calendar level. So if I just show you here what this would look like. So obviously a new account, so there's nothing blocked out here. So what this would mean right now is that anyone could book in, um, on my calendar. So what you should have done, um, prior to this video, a- as per previous instructions, was basically make sure that you're blocking out the times that you're not free to take a call. Um, so like this for example, and then you might be wanting to do this, okay? And then what you'd be doing is you'd be coming in here and you'd be making sure that this repeats, you know, every weekday, and then same thing here. So you're basically... Y- I've already told you how to format your calendar, right? So you wanna just do that, and then that way people can only book in during the times that are available. Um, we wanna set it, we wanna set the availability like that insteadof setting it in, in cal.com because that way if you're unavailable, um, then you can just mark it out on your calendar. It's way easier to just do that than come in here and change it. So then you press Complete your profile. You are gonna want to add a profile picture here. Um, I'm not gonna do it because there's no point, it's never gonna be an active thing. But a picture of you, professional headshot ideally, so that they know who they're booking with. People are way more likely to book if they can see a picture of you. And then your About, you can just leave yourself. Um, you don't have to add anything here. Um, you're gonna kill your conversions if you try and get fancy with this. So just add a picture, finish that up, and get started. And now you will find yourself in your cal.com account. Okay? So now that we've done that, you've set your availability, set your profile picture, the next thing you wanna do is upgrade to the, um, team version because it's imperative we do this because we need to remove the cal.com branding and also opens up a bunch of features that you are gonna need to use. Um, and you're gonna have lots of volume coming through this. So we have to do this unfortunately. Um, but go to Teams here on the left-hand side, okay? Then you wanna do Create Team, press it here, and then you wanna do Team Name. So you're gonna basically use your company name like this, okay? And, um, like so. And we're just gonna let that come through like this. And then what you're gonna wanna do is I would suggest that you select the annual billing because, um, it's cheaper and you're gonna be using this software for years, so it's... might as well just save yourself the money now. Um, it's free for 14 days, by the way, but we are actually gonna trigger the trial immediately and just pay immediately because we need access to features immediately, um, in order for you to get clients immediately. Um, and you'll notice, um, you get a discount here. So when you use the, um, link that I've got here, you actually get a 20% discount. So you can, you can use that, which is pretty cool. Okay? So I just suggest you do annual billing. It's like a hundred bucks just for a one-time payment. Um, so whatever. Um, obviously for the sake of this, I'm not gonna do that because, well, I don't need to 'cause I'm not gonna use this. Um, but I'm gonna go ahead and fill this out and show you the next steps. Okay, so once you've submitted the payment, um, it's gonna ask you to add team members here. So (clears throat) right now you're the only person in here. You don't have a team, so you can just press Continue. And then Title, this is basically for your team event type, which is basically the event we're gonna be sending to clients Um, it's important that it looks like you have a team, if that makes sense, which is why we need to do this. So we go to Discovery Call, um, press Collective for the assignment, and you can leave the URL like this, um, as per. The reason we wanna do this is because it gives people the impression that you're an actual company. They're not just scheduling with you, they're not just... it's like (clears throat) although it is just you, they're scheduling with an actual company, right? Um, which is, is pretty important. And cal.com allows us to do that. So then we can just, um, call it Discovery Call. Don't worry about naming it anything other than Discovery Call. Just keep it simple, okay? I've booked like 40,000 calls just by calling it Discovery Call. Um, Collective assignment, and then just press Finish, okay? And then it's gonna take you over to here. And you can upload a logo if you've got one. If you don't, initials is literally fine. It, it doesn't matter at all. This kind of looks like a logo anyway. Pretty much looks like my logo to be fair. Um, team ID, leave blank. About, you also leave blank as well. And that's pretty simple, okay? So all you have to do is set up your team profile, and now you've got your team in place, okay? So what you wanna do now is you want to, um... Where are we? We're going through here. Yeah. So you wanna go to the cal.com dashboard. So you wanna go back up here on the left, and you'll see this little option down here to press Skip Trial Period. Now the thing is, is what cal.com does is it restricts a lot of the features that we need to use, um, during the trial period And so, you know, obviously we're gonna try and get clients immediately, and if you forget to skip this, then you're gonna be, um, basically not being able to use the features that we need to use. So we're just gonna skip the trial period like this, and you can see it says Team Trial Skipped Successfully, which is obviously when you'll be charged. Bear in mind, I don't... Like, it's not like I own cal.com or anything. I haven't got that much of an incentive, trust me, to, to keep, to keep, to do these things. But once you've done that, now we can actually configure your event properly using, um, appropriate features. The main one is removing the cal.com branding, and we can do that right now. Um, so what you're gonna do is navigate to Teams Appearance and disable the branding. This is crucial because what will happen is you'll lose conversions, um, off of your event, okay? So we go to Settings, um, uh, we go to Teams. So you can see here Teams, and you go to Appearance, and we wanna just disable this branding here, okay? So that way... Like the problem is, is if you send someone a Calendly link and it says, "Powered by scheduling software," people will just click on the scheduling software and go and look at it, and now you've lost them, and now they won't be in an appointment. And paying... skipping the trial and paying the $100 just to be able to do that is worth its weight in gold, right? Which is why we had to do it. So then that's all done. So go back, um, and now we're gonna navigate to Events, Event Types tab and click on Your Team tab next to your name So come to Event Types here, and you'll see Your Company name here. So we click on that, and now you've got your event type. So now you can press New and create an event on your team like this. And we're gonna call this, um, Discovery Call, but you already did this actually, so you can just come here. So you can click on this event type here called Discovery Call, and there's a few things to do. So first of all, description you leave blank, visitor's browser language is standard, and the URL is blank as it was already. Not blank, it's just... it'll be Discovery Call. Now duration, um, we want to basically make this 45 minutes. So we'll come in here and just change this to 45. Leave this blank. Location, you're gonna want to set to Zoom. I haven't got my Zoom account connected, but you wanna set yours to Zoom. I would not recom-... Cal video is good, but Zoom's a lot more user-friendly. It's... there's a lot more trust there. So you want to use Zoom, okay? And then, um, all of these things should be, um, turned off, if that makes sense. So you can just leave them as they are, okay? Availability, we just wanna check to make sure, um, you can press Choose Common Schedule, and you wanna make sure that the availability is set to the working hours you already set. So it being midnight to 11:59 PM like this, okay? And if you need to edit the availability, you can do it here. Assignment should be set to Collective and Fixed Host, so we don't need to worry about this at all. Limits, we wanna change the notice to three. Now, the minimum notice is basically how many hours in advance someone could schedule. So honestly, the lower, the better. Like, two or three hours is great because, you know, you might email someone at 9:00 AM and then they might be able to book in for like 11:00 PM, but you might need a little bit of notice to prepare for that call or just get your shit together before the meeting. My minimum notice would typically be set to four hours

... was, um, if I was doing outreach, because often I'm, like, in the middle of, like, a work block of doing something. But you can decide what you want your minimum notice of scheduling to be. You want your after event buffer time to be 15 minutes, because then what you can do is set your interval time slot length to 60 minutes. So, what this means is that people will only be able to book on the hour slot. And the reason you want to do hour-long slots on hour-long meetings is to, it- it- there's a- I've done the math on this and I've done the calculations on this. You'll get a lot more bookings by offering time slot intervals of 60 minutes with a 45-minute, um, event, with a 15-minute buffer. What it means is each, each booking is about 60 minutes long. To the prospect, it says it's 45 minutes long, but you have 15 minutes to run over, so it can be 60 minutes long. But then what you do is by booking on the hour specifically, so people can book at 1:00 PM, 2:00 PM, 3:00 PM, 4:00 PM, you have this nice rigid routine that's easier for you and easier for the prospect. I could explain the math behind it. I've done calculations and critical thinking galore on the best, most optimal way to do this. This is the best way. Okay? So, don't worry about having to change any of it. Just follow what I tell you and, um, yeah, that's that. So, limit booking frequency, don't wanna do this. Um, all of these can be blank, and you can leave all of these as they are. Okay? So, advanced is where we wanna get a little bit more cheeky. So, calendar event name, um, is basically just, um, you can just leave it as it is. That's fine. So, layout, um, you can just, again, leave it like this. Don't really have to change, change anything here. Um, booking questions. So, what we wanna do here, if we come down, where are we for booking questions? Do, do, do, do, do. Hmm. Okay. So, first of all, we want to enable the, the, your name question will be enabled. We also want to make sure the email address is enabled. And we also want to make sure that the phone number is enabled. But with the phone number, it's really important that we come in here, um, and we want to make this field required. So, press save. So, this should say, "Your name required, email address required, and phone number required." What this means is when someone books, they have to put their name, their email, and their phone number in to get it done. Now, the next thing that you wanna do is you wanna add a few simple questions. But before you do that, you wanna change the confirmation to make sure it's email. So, what your booker should provide to receive confirmation. So, basically to confirm the appointment's booked, just email. Because a lot of people will use fake phone numbers. No one will use a fake email, trust me. Okay? So, next thing you wanna do is you can add, you can add questions to this, um, to basically ask people questions prior to the call, right? So, you can just, not qualify them, but just understand them a bit more. And so for example, let's say that you are, um, let's say that you are a online fitness coach, okay? You could say like, "What is your end goal for your fitness?" Like this. Okay? And the input type, we can just leave as short text. Identifier, this is all fine. You wanna make sure that the questions are required. So, all the questions you ask should be required, which means that they cannot complete the scheduling and the booking if they do not answer the questions. So, another question you might ask if you're a fitness coach is, you know, um, "What have you tried in the past for your fitness?" Like this. Make this field required. Okay? Now, for some reason, it's not allowing me to change the input type here. Um, that doesn't really matter. Okay. Um, add guests. So, we're not gonna, we're not gonna, um, have the guest thing in here. Oh, I see what it's doing. Okay, so we're just gonna leave that. Um, turn that off, turn that off, turn that off, and turn that off. And then, we can add our own questions. Here we go. Okay. Sorry. Yeah, I messed that up. So, basically, you can add some questions in here. So, like, you could say like, um, "What is your end goal for fitness?" And, you know, we could have this as like a long text thing, which would allow them to put as many characters as they want in here. Make it required. Pretty much done, you know. Um, "E.G., um, to lose X kg, to feel healthy," et cetera. Right? And we'll just add this in. Identifier, you can just put as like a number. Okay? And don't worry about the identifier too much. It's, don't complicate it. So, you can add these questions. And, you know, you wanna put them in as required. You can, I'd put in like maybe three to five questions, but they need to be simple questions asking about the problem. The important thing here is we're not trying to disqualify these people; we're just trying to understand them. So, think what information is really crucial for you to have prior to the call. For example, you might ask for their website if you're working with businesses. Like, "What's your website?" Or if you're an online fitness coach, you might ask them what they've tried to do before. The main thing is the questions are simple, one-liner questions. And honestly, you shouldn't really have any more than five questions. Less is more, and you'll find out all this information eventually anyway. So, another question if you were like a fitness coach is you might ask like, um... Well, what else would you ask if you were a fitness coach? I don't really know, because I'm not a fitness coach. You could say like, you know, "What equipment do you have available to you?" But even then that's, that's too complicated, getting into that route. But like, let's say you're a marketing agency. Um, you might wanna say like, "What's your," um, "How many, like, leads can you handle per month?" And what you can do with these questions is you can have multiple-choice questions, um, you can have checkboxes. So like, "Please check the box to confirm that you're over this age." So, anything that just is absolutely crucial to you understanding, you can add in here. But I'm gonna let you, I'm gonna leave you just to do that when you, you know, in your own time. Honestly, really just name, email, and phone number, and maybe one or two other questions is gonna suffice. Don't overcomplicate it. Don't have like 15 questions people have to answer. Don't have like multiple len- lines of questioning. Just really simple. Otherwise, you're gonna put people off booking, okay? Requires confirmation, you can leave as blank. Um, disable canceling, blank. Disable rescheduling, blank. Don't turn these on. Sell cal video transcription emails, you can turn it off. Um, require booker's email verification, you can turn it off. All these are off, basically. Don't worry about any of these. Pretty simple. Recurring/repeating schedule, we're not gonna worry about this.Um, so don't worry about that at all. Now, workflows, um, we're gonna crest- create a workflow here. And what you want to do is set up some reminders to be sent via email, okay? So, before the event starts, 24 hours before, um, we want to send an, uh, an email to attendees. So, select this here, select Send Email to Attendees, and sender name is cal.com, but you can just change this to your company name, um, and you, okay? Because obviously they'll remember this. Um, and then email subject is reminder. You can adjust this in your own way if you want. Um, and then the same thing with the email body. Um, I would just leave this as the reminder template, personally. And, um, yeah, don't include the calendar event, 'cause it'll just get people to reschedule. You don't want that. Um, pretty simple. Okay, you can adjust this if you want. You can use these variables if you want. Um, it's up to you. Okay? I personally would just leave it blank, as it is. Um, now, what you want to do is add another action, which is sending another email to the attendee. And the sender name is once again going to be your company. Okay. 'Cause what we want to do is we want to have three reminders prior to the call, okay? So, you've obviously already got this one reminder here, um, which is done, and you can extend, extend on this if you want to. We want another one. Um, so we've got, yeah, when... Okay, so this is, sorry, this is number one. Then this is number two. So, we want to do this, um, specifically, where does it allow us to select the timeframe here? Just bear with me. Um, let me see. Oh, no, I've, I've messed this up. Sorry, excuse me. So, we're just gonna delete this and save this one here. So, just make sure you save the thing. Okay? And then we'll come out here into this workflow, and we'll call this one, um, Reminder 24 Hour. Okay? I'm just gonna save this. So, you have your 24-hour reminder, okay? And then you want to go New, and then a New Workflow for Imperium Acquisition for the team, 'cause obviously this is the team that we created the event under. And then we want to do before the event starts, okay? And we wanna do, um, we'll do six, okay? And then we're gonna just kind of do Send Email to Attendees. Again, your company name in here. And then again, reminder, and then you can adjust this if you want, and then we're gonna press Save. And we're gonna title this as 6 Hour. Okay? And then we're gonna come out, and we're gonna go New, and we're gonna do it again. Again, before the event starts, how long before the event starts? This time, one, so one hour before the event starts. Send email to attendees, sender name, once again, your company and your name, like this. And then message template, reminder, and then you can adjust this again if you want to. And then we're gonna name this 1 Hour, and press Save. And if we come out here, then what we'll find is we've got our reminder for 24 hours, 6 hours, and 1 hour. So, what this means is that cal.com will email people to remind them of the appointment three times before the appointment happens. It's really crucial that you do this. You're not going to annoy people by doing this, so make sure you do it. Now, what you can also do is play around with SMS notifications and reminders, which is a little bit more advanced, and it requires you to spend some more money. So, you might not want to do this because it can get pretty bloody expensive. Um, but it's kind of cool. It's like a cent per text or something like that, I think. Like 10 cents per text? I can't quite remember. Um, but if you go here, what you can do is you can send an SMS to the attendee. And what you can then do is, again, you can, um, I think you can adjust this. Yes, you can adjust this to like, you know, Charlie Morgan or something. Um, yeah, there's a, there's a limit. But what you can do is you can set, um, again, you can send text messages prior to the, um, prior to the meeting happening, in the same way that you send emails. Now, honestly, like, to begin with, you can probably get away with just sending emails. But if you want to set this up to ensure that more people show up to your calls, then you can do it. So, this is something to bear in mind. If you have problems with show rates and people showing up, then do this. But what you will need to do is go over to your settings and go to your billing, and, um, you'll need to, um... I think there's a way to purchase credits from them. Um, but you can figure that out. That's, it's, it's very straightforward to do. I think if we go here, maybe. Um, yeah, so here you go. So basically, you get a set amount of credits, um, under your team plan, okay? So, you have 750 per month, I believe, um, if you set up the team plan, which is kind of what we did earlier. And so once you go over the 750, which would mean sending more than 750 text messages, then it's a cent per credit. I remember now. And the, the thing is, is you're going to be sending three texts per prospect. And so, you know, th- this can get expensive pretty quick, 'cause you know, you get 10 prospects, you send 30 texts. It might n-... It's kind of unlikely that you actually exceed this monthly credit limit, um, for now. But just bear in mind that you will have to come back and buy more credits and over, go over this limit. So, because we skipped the trial, we can do this, right? Which is why we had to skip the trial. So, if we go back and we come back to, um, where are we here? We come back to Imperium Acquisition, and we come into our event here. Um, we go to, sorry, not into there. Um, and we go to Workflows. So, what you can see, let's just delete this one, 'cause we don't need this, and it's gonna get messy. So, we come back into our workflows, and we've got our email reminders. So, I'm just gonna adjust these to say, um, "Email Reminder 1 Hour." Okay? And we're coming here, and we're gonna go, "Email Reminder 6 Hour."I'm going to do this. And we're going to come here, and we're going to go email reminder 24 hour, okay? Like so. And so that's now we've got our email reminders all set up. Now we can do text message reminders as well. And I'd re- I'd recommend you do this 'cause, um, I didn't realize that the, the credit system worked how it did, 'cause we've, we skipped the trial so we can do this. So it's very simple. Um, what you do is the same thing, but with SMS instead. So you come here to action performed and go SMS to attendee, sender ID could be your company name, or you, you know, like Charlie, 'cause it will come up as, as you. And then, um, you can just a- honestly, you can probably just leave this as it, as it is like this. You know, "Hi, this is a reminder of your meeting, um, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah is at this time." And then all we're going to do is we're going to go ahead and select that it applies to discovery call, and we're going to name it SMS reminder 24 hour, and we're going to save. And we're going to come out here. Now I want to just check something really quickly. If we come here to edit. Yeah, that's set up. Good. And so what you want to do is go ahead and do it again. And we're going to come here to six hours before, and we're going to change the sender name again. And we're going to go ahead and make sure we apply it to the discovery call, like this. And we're going to press save. And now we've got the second SMS reminder done, and we're going to do it one more time like this, one hour before, okay? And we're going to go ahead and do this, okay? And we want to change this to send SMS to attendee, like this, okay? And we're going to just go ahead and select this one and call this SMS reminder one hour, and we're going to come out, okay? So that's basically your reminders done. And so what this means is when someone books, they're going to be emailed and texted three times before the event to remind them of the event. This is absolutely crucial. Do not skip this. Do not think you're going to annoy people. If you do not do this, you're not going to get people showing up to meetings, and you're going to be booking meetings for pretty much no reason, okay? Um, so that's that there. And I didn't actually include the, um, SMS reminders, um, on this document. So let me just adjust this right now and, and add them in. Okay, so that's all added in. Um, forgive me for adjusting that as we go, but now basically what this means is you're pretty much all set up and good to go. And this should have saved as 45 minutes. Just make sure that you're saving as you go. So you want to sort of double-check everything as you go through here. Um, all looks pretty good to me. Okay, so we're all good in here. Um, where are we for advanced? Yep, all good. Okay, happy days. So what you then want to do is go ahead and you can just grab the link to event, like this, and you just want to check to make sure that it all lines up, so you can copy and paste it into your browser. And what we can see is it says no availability in September. Not sure why we're in September. That's great, isn't it? Just w- oh, to be fair, I think this is 'cause I've messed up the calendar. But basically when you do this, it should work. Um, the reason this isn't working is because of my, way I've configured my Google account. But you want to just go ahead and just check everything out and just make sure that it's all working and it's all in tote. I'll just do this just to have a look. Um, and yeah, we're all good. Okay, cool. So it, it's not, it's not working for me because my Google's all messed up because I had to create a demo account specifically for this and I haven't formatted it properly. But yours should be fine. Yours should be working, and, um, if it's not working, then you can just come into your availability like this and, um, just make sure that you're selecting working hours and press save like this. And that might have actually done the trick. Um, nope, same problem. Well, this is just, it's just a me issue. You won't face this issue. Um, but yeah, you can just check this. Now then what you want to do is bookmark this link, get it all working, double-check it, triple check it, and that's your discovery call event done. And so what that means is when you're talking to prospects, let's say you're on the phone with someone, like you've cold called someone and they're like, "Oh, I want to book in." Then what you can do is say, "Hey, I've just emailed you this scheduling link. I'll just stay on the call with you. Can you fill this out with me?" Or you say, "Hey, we'll fill out this form together," and then you take them through the process of filling it out, as in you'd fill it out for them and just ask them the questions, if that makes sense. Either way, that's all done. Pretty long piece of the video out of the way, but that's everything for scheduling, okay? So you've got your software set up and now you've got your link done, and that's really the only link you're going to need to book appointments. So that's the first step. Now you've got your schedule up, we're going to do step two, which is the platform. So these, the next steps are pretty simple to set up, they just require a lot of critical thinking once you've actually done them, but I'm just here to put, point you in the right direction. So step two is the platform. So what you want to do is decide right now, what is the easiest way to get in touch with your niche? So where are they most accessible and most responsive? 'Cause the first system that you build is going to basically, you, we want to build it around accessibility, 'cause the best ability is availability in sales. And what that basically means is you want to try and find a, a platform where you know you can reach people. So for example, like I knew when I was starting my first marketing agency, I worked with gyms, and I knew that gym owners were going to be in the gym next to the phone. And, you know, another example is, um, one of my friends, um, I, well, when I, when I worked with fitness coaches, I worked with online fitness coaches for a very short period of time during COVID, and I knew that they were always on Instagram. So I used Instagram. So what you want to do is just ask yourself, like, "Where are these people most accessible?" And that's the platform you're going to use. Now, let me preface this with something very important. If you have the option to do cold calling, you must do cold calling. Let me repeat that again. If you have the option to do cold calling, you must do cold calling, unless you're in a niche full of gatekeepers, where, you know, a gatekeeper is someone on the phone who basically tries to triage your call to get you through to the decision maker. So if you're in a niche where you can make a phone call and access a decision maker almost every time instantaneously, cold calling is always going to be the best way for you. But a lot of niches, like if you're working B2C, you might not be able to cold call because their phone number might not be, um, online, okay? And, you know, if you're working with, if your, if your niche is software businesses, then you won't get any results because they don't, they don't advertise their phone numbers, right? So either way, you get the point, um, pick your platform. If it's a social DM, then what platform are you going to pick? LinkedIn, Instagram? Like if you're working with professionals, like busy corporate professionals, LinkedIn's going to be great. If you're working with, like, yoga coaches, then Instagram might be great. If your niche is middle-aged mums, then Facebook might be great. Only pick one platform for now and you need to absolutely nail it. Then you want to create accounts for the platform, um, so email account. If you're doing email, you're going to create email accounts. If you're going to do social, you're going to create social accounts. You want to have quite a few. So if you're doing like Facebook outreach, then what you're going to want to do is create quite a few Facebook accounts, because, you know, you want to be able to send lots of different messages, and there's limits on these platforms and stuff, and we need to respect those limits. So what you want to do is create multiple accounts to send as much volume as possible. Um, not applicable for phone, obviously, you can just, you know, if you've got one phone, you, you only need one phone if you're doing cold calling. And then you want to follow any necessary warmup protocols for these accounts. So, um, every social platform, every email platform requires you to warm your accounts up before you can start sending cold outreach from them, because these platforms do not like people using them to send cold outreach, but we can do it anyway. We just need to warm things up properly. So what you can do is visit YouTube for basic warmup advice, or you can buy EasyGrow for more advanced warmup to basically ensure that your accounts never get banned and you never have problems delivering..

... emails or messages to people. There is a very, very advanced method that we use in EasyGrow for warming accounts up, for social pro- prospecting, and for email prospecting, um, and yeah. You- you- there's basic ways to do it that you can find on YouTube, um, but you'll find that you have to keep recreating accounts every, every month or two. That's fine, it's sustainable for now just for you to get your first client, but once you wanna turn this into, like, a proper machine and you get really serious about building this thing, like, and making some, like, serious money and you, you kinda like, "Oh, I've got my first couple of clients, now I wanna scale up," then it's obviously time to start looking at more advanced strategies that require a lot more time and thought, if that makes sense. So step three is your stimuli. So you need to do a platform thing right now, so just decide what platform you're gonna use and create your accounts and warm them up. And step three is the stimuli. So you wanna write out the cold stimuli that you're gonna use. So these are the scripts and the templates that you're actually gonna send or say in order to get people to do what you want. The messages, the words you're gonna use, you should have an initial stimulus, which is what you expose them to at the start, and then a cold follow-up stimuli, or a serie- a sequence of stimuli that you'll expose them to afterwards in the sequence, either by calling them back, messaging them again, emailing, etc., etc. And I've already given you, um, asymmetric psychological leverage to help you here. So when it comes to writing stimuli or producing stimuli, you want it to be rooted in psychology and niche understanding, and obviously asymmetric psychological leverage is a tool that you can use to pin everything against psychological bias to get results, okay? Again, in EasyGrow we give you all the stimuli, it's all written for you and it's all proven to work and you can just make minor adjustments to it and just get results instantaneously, but because of the nature of this program, I can't do that, so, you know, you're, you- you're gonna have to make do with writing it yourself. So bear in mind what you learned in Interactive Renaissance. You're creating a version one set of stimuli and testing it, looking for proof of concept, etc. And then 3.2, the second step of stimuli, is to write out any warm stimuli you'll use. So what you've gotta realize is there's two types of prospect, cold and warm. Everyone starts cold, but some people become warm. So these are the templates and scripts that you'll use to follow up on people who have shown interest in your cold stimuli but haven't booked or engaged with your sales process further. And this is not relevant to cold calling, although you will want to call people back who asked you to call you back, right? So if you call someone and they say, "Oh, call me back in 10 minutes," then you're not gonna really say anything differently to them because they're still a cold prospect, if that makes sense. So there's a, there's a pretty important difference between cold and warm stimuli that I wanna just give you some theory-based education on real quick. So cold stimuli, you expose to prospects who are brand new and don't know you. So messages, emails, voice notes, scripts, etc. These are people pros- these are stimuli for people you haven't engaged with yet, you're reaching out to them dead cold. And warm stimuli is stimuli you expose to prospects who have replied positively to your cold stimuli but haven't completed a booking yet. So say I DMed you on Instagram and said, "Hello, mate. I've got something for you that I want you to buy," and let's say you reply saying, "Oh, that looks like something I would buy. Can we book a call?" If... And I- I'm like, "Yeah, no worries. Here's my cal.com scheduler. Just book in." And then let's say that 24 hours elapses and you still haven't booked, which happens all the time, by the way I now need to follow up on you, but the thing is, is you're not a cold prospect anymore. You're warm because you've asked me to send you more information. And so what you need to do is you need to create a series of stimuli, a chain of stimuli that you use to follow up on people. You're reaching back out to them warm. For warm stimuli chains, you wanna have more than seven, because often it takes more than seven messages to book a warm prospect in. I've had it before where I've sent people, like, 10 messages, like, 10 GIFs, 10 memes, 10 videos, 10 voice notes, 10 text messages, whatever I've gotta do just to get them to schedule, and they always- almost always do once you make it to, like, message eight, nine, or 10. So you can have your cold sequence like this, no more than three for your cold, um, like, if you're sending DMs you don't wanna follow up on people more than three times. You get banned, it's not good. But when it comes to warm follow-ups, you can do it as much as you want, basically. Kinda like retargeting on ads, but we won't get into that. So that's how it works. So step four is your CRM sheet. So CRM stands for customer relationship management. So it's more PRM, like prospect relationship management, but that doesn't matter for now. In this context, it's a place where we can manage all of our correspondence and work done with prospects, so we can just keep a track of who we've reached out to, who we've followed up on, when we did that. You're gonna have to do this, 'cause you're gonna be sending thousands and thousands and thousands of messages or emails or making thousands of cold calls, and we need a place to put all of the leads So build a sheet with all the variables required to run the system, format the sheet, make multiple copies of the worksheet for different months, and bookmark the sheet so you always have it available. And here's an example of a cold email CRM that I produced in 2020. This is what I actually used to get to pretty high levels with cold email. So you can kinda see, it's a very simple example. So you have the, you know, the number... You always wanna tag a prospect per number, and then what you can do when you're dealing with prospects is you can basically label them like, oh, that's prospect 325, or that's prospect 458, or that's prospect 198. It's way easier, 'cause if you're just searching by name, you might have multiple names. That's just a little... That's kind of, like, a more advanced thing, but... Um, yeah, you put their name in here, their email, 'cause this is an email campaign, so in this case I'm putting in their email address. But if you're doing, like, a phone... If you're, if you're doing cold calling, then you're gonna add in their, um, phone number. But if you're doing social DMs, then you're gonna add in their, their profile. And then, you know, whatever information you need to write the email, and then, you know, when you've sent the initial message and the follow-ups and notes, anything that they've replied. I'm gonna let you figure this one out yourself. It's pretty straightforward and explanatory and you can color code it accor- accordingly. You can make a copy of this, if you wanna make a copy of it. I didn't wanna leave you completely in the dark. I- I'm not... I can't give you, like, a current EasyGrow CRM, 'cause again, it's just not fair, um, but this is one that I used that, that did the job pretty well, okay? Um, so that's the CRM thing. It's very simple. It's very... You shouldn't, shouldn't take you much brain power to figure out what you need to include in this, and you'll, you'll edit it as you go and adjust it as you go. So step five is the lead source. So next you need to find a place to go to find leads. So then it becomes a question of like, okay, well, I've got my stimuli, I've got my CRM, um, I've got my, you know, platform, and I've also got my scheduler, so I'm ready to start reaching out to peopleIt's like, great, fantastic. So now we need to- oh, I don't know why this is, this is blank here, sorry. Um, so now we need to actually find a way to find leads. So a lead is basically a prospect you haven't reached out to yet. It's like a, it's like a, a, a prospect with their information available so you can actually reach out to them. And your lead sourcing should be a never-ending process, constantly ticking over and filling up the sheet. Again, in EasyGrow, there are lea- lead, we've got lead sourcing systems coming out of our ears that are automated and run without anyone having to do anything. But for the sake of this, we're gonna keep it simple. So 5.1 is figure out where you can find prospects the easiest and create a workflow, which is just a series of actions in a linear chain that allow you to consistently extract contact information. So I've actually, again, 'cause I don't want you to be completely blind here, and I do wanna help you as best I can, I've given you some lead sourcing tools, or what I believe to be the best lead sourcing tools, um, for different platforms. So this is good for lead verifying, so if you're doing, like, email campaigns and you wanna make sure that your em- the emails you're reaching out to are real, then you can use these platforms. Again, these are, some of these links are affiliate links, by the way, just for full transparency. If you wanna source phone numbers in your niche, if you're doing cold calling, then you can use these li- these platforms here. If you're trying to source emails for your email campaigns, then you can use these platforms here. If you wanna do it for DMs, then this is Facebook, the best way to do it for Facebook, lead sourcing on Facebook, lead sourcing on LinkedIn, lead sourcing on Instagram, and lead sourcing on X or Twitter. So you, you've literally got like, I think, like, 20 or 30 different softwares or methods that you can use to source leads specifically for these, um, different methods, if that makes sense. And I, again, I'm sorry I can't give you much more depth than this, um, but I've already explained why, okay? So step six is metric tracker. So once you've got your lead source intact, now it's time to build your metric tracker. So now you need to build a spreadsheet dedicated to tracking each stage of conversion in your system. This sheet should calculate conversion rates, contain key performance indicators, and be tracked daily. So 6.1, create a spreadsheet and format it to contain each stage of your conversion process. 6.2 is add all dates, um, of each month, because you're gonna be doing this every single day, making a new worksheet for each month. 6.3 is create a section that auto calculates conversion rates based on data input. And 6.4 is format accordingly to your system. So this is an example of, uh, an old cold calling metric tracking sheet that I built in 2021 when I used to make cold calls. Actually, no, I wasn't making cold calls in '21, but I used this to, for my first agency. And you can kind of see here, how many calls have you made? How many DMs did I pitch? Th- these are a little bit more specific, but you can build this, this out pretty well yourself, I think. Um, you have a date down here, it needs to happen every single day, you're logging your data every single day, and you always report on yesterday's data. And that's always gonna be the case specifically for any efforts you do. So if I'm making cold calls today, then the first thing I'll do in the morning is come and report on yesterday's data. So how- at the end of the day, you can put in, like, these results. But again, there's nuances to this, but you'll be able to figure this stuff out yourself in terms of when you wanna report and how But just make sure that you do it daily. It need, like, your, your data reporting needs to become, like, routine, like almost like it's just something that, like, it's like brushing your teeth. Like, you must log your data every single day. If you don't, you are in deep, deep trouble, okay? Otherwise, you haven't got feedback, you can't make decisions. So that's the metric tracking thing. Pretty simple, just a spreadsheet, nothing too crazy. Um, that's an example. Um, this is an example of some EasyGrow trackers, because the thing about tracking is it gets a lot more, it's a lot more, like, we've advanced a lot since, um, 2021, you know? And some of the trackers that we have, um, you can s- I just wanna give you, like, an idea of how comprehensive you can make these things. The more comprehensive the tracker, the more comprehensive the data, the better results you'll get. Like, the, the, the more you can iterate, the more reliable the feedback. Um, but again, like, for now, for what you're doing in your business, just getting your first client or two, getting scrappy, getting moving, keeping things quick, we can just get away with just building something fast. But if you wanna build a proper business and really scale up and do a long term play here, you're gonna need trackers that are way more comprehensive. And I wanted to just give you some examples of what these might look like at a bird's eye view, okay? And these are for, um, yeah, this is a whole thing. This, this, this sheet took me, like, I think two weeks to build or something, something crazy like that. Like, w- maybe not two weeks, actually like a week. But anyway, doesn't matter So step seven is your delivery mechanism. So you need a m- you need a mechanism to deploy or deliver your stimuli to your prospects. Very straightforward. If you're making cold calls, for example, then you can pick up the phone, and your phone is your delivery mechanism. But there's lots of cool softwares that you can use to automate email sending, um, DM sending, um, and make dialing straightforward and cheap. So you can check these out. These are my recommendations. Again, these will be affiliate links. Um, if you wanna do cold SMS, you can use Go High Level. If you wanna use cold email sending, you can use Instantly or Smartlead. Cold DM sending platforms, these are good, um, and cold calling platforms, these are good as well. So if you wanna make calls to, like, let's say that you're in the UK and you wanna call America, then you might wanna use High Level or OpenPhone or Kixie. And these are all the cheapest, best options that I've found in my 10 years of doing this that you can use. So you can just download them. Well, not download them, you can, you can register for them, set them up, and, um, start getting some results. So this is really simple, you just decide how you're gonna deliver your mechanism. So if you're, if you're picking cold email, um, then you might wanna go ahead and use Instantly. You might wanna even use manual sending. The thing I will say about all of the, um, all of the tools here for, like, cold, cold email, cold DMs, is that you wanna use the, um, you wanna automate everything you can, but sometimes you are gonna have to send manually, 'cause, yeah. That's a whole thing, but you can, you can use the tools for now, okay So a couple of other quick points I wanna leave you with before, um, I leave you with the, um, instructions here. Um, first of all, mad scientist. So you need to approach this like you're some crazy scientist. The first system you build is unlikely to work. You need to be willing to test dozens and dozens of variable combinations, different delivery mechanisms, different stimuli, different lead sources. There are seven components, and all have a ton of variance. This means that there are literally thousands of ways to get clients. And no, you haven't already tried everything. You must get creative and be s- and be smart to win. Don't just build one system and expect it to work and then sit back and stay poor. Get ruthless with building tons of these systems, try as much as you can, keep it all watertight and tested and scientific, and you'll eventually have a breakthrough, okayNow, as far as a Lollapalooza strategy, this is a weird term, um, coined by Charlie Munger, actually. It's a, it's a, the idea of a Lollapalooza effect is when you have a series of, um, a confluence of variables working in favor of a particular outcome. It is actually a term used to, um, to explain how people make incredibly irrational decisions as a result of quantitative biases. And if you have a series of quantitative biases in play, you're likely to make a terrible decision, and it's called a Lollapalooza. But we can use the same thing for, um, platforms. So try your best to combine platforms. Email people, then call them, then send them a social DM. Send them a letter too, if you can. Once you find a quality prospect that you would, that would be a fit for what you sell, blast them relentlessly and ruthlessly from every single angle. You need to start showing up everywhere in their life. This is called Lollapalooza Outreach, where you have a confluence of variables working together in favor of a particular outcome, in this instance, for them to book an appointment. So don't necessarily think you have to silo prospects into one platform. So what I try and what I'm trying to encourage you to do is get their email, get their phone number, get their social platforms, get their address, and hit them from every single angle. Like the best system I've ever built for client acquisition is one that contains multiple platforms. It's, we call it omnipresence. In EasyGrow, we've got this omnipresent strategy, um, that basically explains how to do this and systemize it and have all the workflows in place. All you need to know for now is don't just do one platform. If you can, if you can access multiple platforms, multiple for, for people in your niche, then do so. Okay? Primary, tertiary, secondary. So do not rely on one strategy. You want to have what I call primary, secondary, and tert- tertiary structures. So this means that you have your primary strategy, which is the best, simplest, and easiest way for you to get appointments. This is your primary focus and is the thing that works. It's the thing that you keep doing and spending most of your time on working and building. So for me, at the beginning, this was cold calling. Secondary, this is the second-best, simplest, and easiest way for you to get clients. It might not be as good as the primary. However, you run it and work on it because one of your, one day your primary might break or cease to perform for whatever reason. So you always, always, always, always, always, always, always, always want to have a backup system. So if you found something that works, you need to be terrified that it's not gonna work tomorrow, because these systems can break. Um, if your, if your, like, deliverability rules can change for email. Um, the one thing that never really breaks is cold calling. But if you are like, uh, all your social platform DMs, all your email messages, like these things, they can, the, the, the, their, their softwares, they're platforms that change, and, you know, things can break. So you always want to have a secondary r- way of getting clients. Tertiary is a subpar or suboptimal strategy, but still works to a degree. You're refining it, working on it a bit in your spare time, but it's not a main focus and just more of a fun project for you to work on. So the point here is you cannot just rely on one method. You need at least two to three good ones that you can execute on and test daily. And the key to getting clients here is get busy. You should never have a free or spare hour. Anytime that you have to spare should be spent building more systems or thinking about how you can improve the current ones you have. At this point in your business setup and journey, the only thing you should be trying to do is get more clients or thinking about ways to get more clients and nothing else. So any moment you have any spare, you shouldn't have any spare time, you shouldn't have a free hour, you shouldn't be, have time to go on a long lunch break, you shouldn't have time to watch a Netflix show at 4:00 PM. Every waking hour that you have right now should be dedicated to you putting your entire brain power into either doing the work to do the outreach or doing the work to build more systems to try and find something that does work, okay? Or buying EasyGrow and going through the course. I'm really gonna stop plugging it, 'cause you're probably getting sick of me by now, but you, you get the point, right? It's an example. Again, we talked about this earlier, cold calling priority. It's appropriate, um, if it's appropriate and you can find people's phone numbers in your niche quite easily, do cold calls as your primary method. Trust me, just do it. If you have this option to make cold calls, i.e. phone numbers being easily accessible in your niche, then please make cold calls. Nothing, and I truly mean this, nothing comes close to getting results fast and developing your skills as an entrepreneur as fast as cold calling does. The reason you wanna cold call if you can is because you'll learn to sell at the same time as learning to book appointments. And this is awesome because basically what it means is like you get, like when you start getting sales calls, you're gonna be like, "Oh shit, I'm, I'm already like pretty hot on my feet with this thing, 'cause I've made a thousand cold calls." It's fucking brilliant. So if you have the option to make cold calls, don't hide behind a keyboard with your DMs or emails. Just dial 12 hours a day, six days a week, and you'll achieve financial freedom in no time flat. And this is exactly what I did and what I recommend you do as well. So cold call, if you can, just make priority the cold calling priority. And as always, there's a, there's a link to, um, register for EasyGrow in the description, which I feel is a pretty, I've never really CTA'd like this before, um, but I'm sure you can forgive me, um, considering where we're at in the program now. Uh, again, like I know that I keep banging on about EasyGrow and stuff like that. The purpose of this building outbound systems video is to introduce you to how to build these systems and, you know, using these seven steps, whilst they're pretty straightforward and simple, this is how you build them, and this is how I built mine. Remember, I built my systems without EasyGrow, so it can be done, but if you want a faster guaranteed surefire way to get there pretty much immediately ASAP, then EasyGrow is an option for you to do that. And it might not be a fit for you at the moment, but either way, it might not hurt you to explore it to see if you are a fit. So there's no hard feelings if you don't. I don't really care to be honest. But it, it is within your best interest to do so. And obviously with mine as well. I'm not gonna lie to you, it, I make money if you buy EasyGrow, so that's what I wanted to do. Anyway, all that said, that's building outbound systems. I will see you in the next video. Have a good day. Thanks.