# 5.5. Building Inbound Systems

Hey, everyone. Charlie Morgan here, and welcome to Building Inbound Systems. So in this video, we're going to explore how to create acquisition systems for your business that rely on content and inbound content creation. These are things like YouTube, Instagram, TikTok, Twitter, and LinkedIn, all these, all these things where you can create content, um, that is intrinsically valuable to your niche. Your niche will consume that content, and out of reciprocity, curiosity, and incentive will basically traffic through to a funnel to book a call with you. Um, I've been using inbound systems. They've made me tens of millions of dollars, um, over the last few years. Incredibly, incredibly effective if you get them right, so we're gonna have a little explore on how to build them. Now, before we get into this video, similar to the last video, if you haven't watched weeks one through five, or weeks one through four rather, um, of this program, then please go and do so, because if you have shiny object syndrome and you hop straight to this system or this video, you're not going to get the results that you're looking for with this program, because I've designed this thing, um, to be a holistic solution. It's taken me a year to build it, and it's been built meticulously from the ground up. So if you lack the patience, um, or foresight, or even just basic intelligence to listen to me, considering that I've made 30 million, $40 million teaching these things and doing these things, then I'm sorry, but there's no hope for you. So please make sure that you've watched week one, week two, week three, and week four in full so that I can provide a holistic business solution instead of just a shiny object that you think will solve your problems. Because I promise you, you can implement this, and if you haven't got everything else set up, it won't work, okay? So I'm assuming that you have done that and that you've been a good person and done what I told you to do, because that's how we get results around here. So without further ado, let's have a look. So first of all, we're going to explore the idea of inbound value exponents, then the eight components of inbound systems, and then how to specifically build those eight components so that you have something comprehensive that actually gets results. So welcome to Building Inbound Systems. Here, we'll explore how to build simple, straightforward, and consistent content creation and inbound marketing mechanisms that capture attention and convert it into cash via appointments. So like I said, an example of an inbound system is a YouTube channel or a Twitter page, uh, profile, or a LinkedIn account. Anywhere, any platform, social platform, that you can create content on to attract your niche. Inbound is a very powerful tool, but it can take a while before it starts to work. And for this reason, you should be prioritizing outbound before inbound. Now, here's the thing. Like, inbound is less painful than outbound. You know, there's no rejection involved. There's... Yeah, it can suck to, like, make content sometimes. You've got to put your face out there and get some negative comments or whatever. But generally speaking, like, outbound kind of sucks. And so what you naturally have is this bias to want to do inbound more than outbound, and that's understandable, but it can't be the case. Remember what I said in the last video, which you should have watched, um, in the Outbound Systems module, the fact that 80% of your time, if not really 90%, should be focusing on outbound, and maybe one day a week or one afternoon a week are you actually doing inbound content creation and trying to produce content, okay? Do not make this a full-time thing. You should be spending five to ten times more time on outbound than you do on inbound. So, inbound value exponents. So as a system, inbound content has an exponential nature. This means that outputs compound on themselves to become inputs and form positive feedback loops. Value stacks as an exponent, meaning it can achieve exponential growth or decline by nature. So, when we think about creating content, we're really thinking about creating value, okay? So content and value are interchangeable terms. A content- Content is basically a piece of in- A piece of content is like a... It can be a video, it can be text, it can be, you know, a piece of media that contains information that you've strung together to ultimately add value to your market. What is value? We know this from week one. Um, it's, it's, it's created when, um, pain is alleviated and problems are solved, right? So value is basically solving problems and alleviating pain. And so content is valuable when it does that. Now, there might... You might think then, like, "Oh, but what, what about MrBeast? Like, what problem does he solve?" We're not talking about being entertaining here. That's an entirely different game. We're talking about creating educational content that drives value through business results or personal achievement. And so it becomes exponential, because what we can imagine is that value, uh, or content specifically, has units of value, UAV. Okay? Sorry, UOV, not UAV. That'd be funny. So UOV is used to measure the contribution of value to your channel or social platform. So it's important to understand that units of value are arbitrary. They're not actually algorithmic- Algorithmically written into these platforms, but they illustrate the point of consistency. So for every video you make, your channel or, you know, every piece of content you make, every bl- blog post you make, every tweet you make, whatever platform you're using... I'm just using YouTube terms here. For every piece of content you make, your channel becomes exponentially more valuable to the market. And the more valuable your channel becomes, the more subscribers, reach, appointments, and growth you'll get. Content has value to the market when it contributes to the expansion and success of the market, and content has value to platforms when they get people to click and stay. So we want to create value in two realms. First of all, we want to create value for our niche. But funnily enough, by creating content that's valuable for the niche, it's also valuable to the platform that is serving the niche, okay? So if you make a good YouTube video, it's good for YouTube as well as the niche, and that's how you get growth. The more clicks and the longer the watch time on the content, or engagement time, or tweets or retweets, whatever it might be, the more valuable the video or content is. And valuable content gets recommended, and that's how you go viral. So your first content will give your profile or channel a UOV of something really low, like 0.000000001, and new content multiplies this by 2X. So, what I want you to imagine is that the...Profile or channel that you're using to create your content through, whether it's a Twitter account, a YouTube account, LinkedIn account, TikTok account, whatever it might be, in the beginning, like, you're probably not gonna get much traction with that channel. And what will happen as you create more content is, you'll gain more and more traction. And in the initial stages, the first pieces of content you make, they're new, right? And they're, the, the algorithms are still trying to suss you out. And so what I want you to imagine is that the first piece of content you make has an overall unit of value to the algorithm and to the industry of something really low. And as you produce more content, we double this and it goes, it starts going exponential here. And, you know, even by, like, you know, um, number 19, your channel UAV is still really low. Like, it's not even, you haven't even got a one unit of value yet, right? But gradually, the more consistent you become after doing this for, you know, a year or two, you'll start to get into the single digits, double digits, triple digits of unit of value. And the exponential, you know, curve of value will eventually sort of slow down. You're not gonna end up with, like, a one billion unit of value, although you might do if you're, like, Mr. Beast or something. But you kind of get my point here, is, like, you'll hit this point of critical mass with, with this, with this exponent idea, and the only way that your channel can become more valuable is by adding more units of value, which is by making more content that is valuable. That make sense? And so ultimately, the point I'm making here is, if you want your inbound systems to work and function, and if you want to get lots of appointments through your inbound systems, the only thing you really need to create and focus on is creating value. And that's why I've made this program and why I've spent an entire year of my life building it. All I'm doing by giving these things to you in a slightly different format to YouTube, obviously on school here, is creating an insane UOV. So when I drop this program and give it to everyone, it's like, the unit of value is, for me and, and my sort of, um, brand and inbound systems, is, it just goes absolutely exponentially mad, more so than anybody else has ever done, probably ever, at least in this space, in this niche specifically, right? And so that's how you win, is by adding more value and letting the market come to you and book calls. And so this is a model to illustrate the compounding nature of consistency. Obviously, it's not representative of the real world, and the whole idea of a unit of value doesn't really exist or work like this, but it makes sense to think, like, inbound in this way. So a UOV, like unit of value, this isn't some algorithmic term that I've found from someone who works at YouTube or something. It's kind of the same way that we know what a calorie is, like calories when we eat. Calories don't actually exist, they're just a measurement of, um, uh, like, energy, if that makes sense. And you can think of UOV in kind of the same way. It's, it's a, it's an arbitrary, um, measurement that doesn't really exist, but it's still helpful to have and model your behavior around because it's still very much real, but just not objectively real. So your value compound rate will depend on the quality of your videos and content, your competition, the algorithm, and the natural cap size of your market If you miss an upload or you miss a piece of content or you miss a day, then what you can imagine is that your UOV goes down from what it was the video before your last video. So okay, the way that this works is, this is why consistency is so important, because as, as, as soon as you become inconsistent with your uploads, as soon as you miss an upload or as soon as you miss a day on content, you get knocked down two pegs. So let's say that you're, you know, on video piece 29 with a UA- UOV of this, and let's say that you miss 30 and 31. You're like, "Oh, fuck it. I can't be bothered." Well, what that would do is, it could take you back down to, like, the UOV that you had at 24. So every time you miss an upload, I want you to imagine that the damage you've done is double or triple what you would have gained if you'd uploaded. Does that make sense? So this way, your channel UOV can exponentially decrease, but with double the power it increases. So if you miss six pieces of content, let's say that for six weeks you can't be bothered to upload or do some content, well, then your UOV goes down to what it was 12 pieces of content ago. And this is why inconsistency is so expensive when it comes to building value. Um, one missed upload can cost you the value from the two you uploaded prior to it. And not all pieces of content are going to be equally valuable, which is kind of where this UOV idea can fall apart But you see my point and you understand what I'm trying to say here. This is the way that social platform algorithms work. They reward consistency by exponentially growing a channel, but they will punish inconsistency by 2Xing that exponential growth in decline. So as above, so below. You can exponentially grow a platform or brand, but you can also exponentially destroy it with double the speed if you're inconsistent, okay? So this is kind of the argument I'm making to you here. Like, really, the two rules to inbound, the two things you have to get right, is adding value consistently. It's value times consistency times time. If you get those three, the time thing will happen naturally, but if you're valuable and consistent in the pr- delivery of that value, then you will be paid accordingly, okay? So let's say that you miss video 11, 12, and 13 for a week or two. Then your UOV will go down. You'd have to rebuild and it takes longer to get back to the plus one. So like, again, it's not, it's gonna take you like 6, 12, 18, 24 months before you start seeing incredible results and proper, proper money from this inbound thing. So you have to be consistent for a long time without seeing results, and this is where people get it wrong. Is like, they'll do YouTube for like three months and they'll be like, "Oh," like, you know, "I've been doing YouTube for three months now and, you know, I've uploaded like 12 videos and th- and they're not getting any views and it's not going well, and I think I'm just gonna quit and try something else." It's like, well, mate, by the time you're on, you know, 12, your UOV is, isn't, isn't anywhere near, like, where it needs to be to start producing results Like, it really does, like, this is why people fail, is they just give up before they start seeing results, and that's because they don't understand that the way these algorithms work is based on value, and value is based on consistency. And you know, just doing it for three months isn't really enough. You know, think about it like trying to, like, build a, like, do bodybuilding. Like, if you said to, like, a bodybuilder, like, "Oh, I've only been going, I've been going to the gym for three months and I'm not like, I'm not big yet. I'm not like really, like, muscular and strong. So I think I'm just gonna quit and, um, you know, call it a day because I...You know, fundamentally, um, I'm not making any progress. The bodybuilder would just laugh at you and be like, "Try doing it for three years and then see," right? So if you upload an unvaluable video, or upload an unvaluable piece of content, then your UOV goes down to what it was before the last video. So e- missing an upload and uploading a bad thing are basically the same thing. So what you want to avoid doing is uploading shitty content. So, I'm, I'm guilty of this from time to time, um, on YouTube. Like, sometimes I'll, I'll upload a video that I kind of think like, "Oh, that could have been better." Like, up- like, uploading a shit piece of content and not uploading at all is kind of like has the same effect. So you really want to be consistently valuable, and you, you, you can't get away with anything, basically. This is also why increasing your input volume of content exponentially grows your channel. So, you know, you want to upload as much content as you can, but not so much to the point where you can't keep up with the level of value you're trying to provide. Once again, this as a model. It doesn't truly represent reality. It's not exactly how these social platforms work, but it's a mental model that can be applied to explain the importance of consistency. So I wanted to start with this idea of the UOV to just drill the point home that really it is all about value and it is all about consistency. And the second you start uploading videos or content that isn't valuable, and the second that you're inconsistent with your uploads, you really will see some exponential decline. And so I see this happen a lot with people who, you know, there's competitors that I have, I wouldn't really call them competitors to be honest, 'cause they're not really doing much, but, like, you know, they, they might be making a bit of money, but not much. Like, they'll upload on YouTube for, like, three weeks, and then they'll, like, have, like, a three-week break, and then they'll upload for, like, two months, and then they won't upload for, like, six months, and then they'll go on, like, a spree where they upload, like, every day for, like, two months, and then they'll stop again. And it's like, they, they never, they never break through or get any exponential growth in, in their business or in their channels or in their inbound systems or in their brand or their appointments, because they're so on and off, and the algorithms don't like that, right? So there's eight components to building an inbound system. Um, a few of them we've already covered. Well, specifically the scheduler, um, in the previous video, so I'll explain the instructions on how to find that, if you haven't watched it. But there's eight things. So we need a scheduler, which is a scheduling software with an event configured for someone to book a call. We need a platform, so the platform you're actually gonna post your content on in the first place. A funnel, so a sales-dedicated web page that converts traffic into appointments, and I'll show you an example of this in a second. And then we need a bunch of systems. So we need an ideation system, um, obviously a system for coming up with content ideas. A creation system, so a system for creating content from scripted material. Um, a storing system, so a system for storing content and organizing it in, like, a g- Google Drive. Then a packaging system, so a system for packaging content, and this is only really gonna be relevant to YouTube, so I'm talking, like, titles and thumbnails for YouTube. Um, when it comes to packaging other things, like tweets or Instagram Reels or TikToks or short-form content, we don't really have to worry so much about that. And then distribution system, so a system for distributing content, so uploading it, scheduling it, et cetera, et cetera. So we'll start with some step-by-step instructions for the scheduler. Um, I've taken the liberty of taking the scheduling, um, instructions on how to set up cal.com, um, here. So you'll find these, um, in the previous video. So in Building Outbound Systems, if you want step-by-step video instructions on how to configure your scheduler, which, by the way, you should have already watched, because you're doing this in a linear fashion, right? Um, then you can go back to Building Outbound Systems, and you can find these instructions in video format, um, but I thought I'd add them as a little resource here as a bonus, if you want to set up a scheduler. So that's that there, okay? Um, so that's the first step. Make sure you do that now, if you haven't already done it. You should have already done it from the previous video. So the next thing is your platform. So you need to decide which platform you're gonna create content on. And this should really be based on where your niche is. So for example, there's not much point in posting on LinkedIn if you're working with gym owners. I learned that one the hard way. You know, you're not gonna, like, um, you know, like, I don't know, make YouTube videos for people that are, like, over the age of 80 or something. Do you know what I mean? Like, if your, if your niche isn't gonna be on the platform, or using the platform, then you shouldn't be making content on the platform. I suggest building an inbound system for the major platforms your niche uses. So for example, my niche is agency owners, coach consultants, and high-ticket B2B, so I use YouTube, X, Instagram, and some LinkedIn. So what you need to do is decide your pl- primary platform, and this is the platform with the highest leverage. It's the platform where, like, you're gonna put most of your time into, where you know for a fact that your niche is there. And if you're wondering how to know for a fact, just look at your competitors and look at what other people are doing and see where most of their time goes. And if necessary, decide which platform is your secondary platform, and if necessary, decide which platform is your tertiary platform. So you really don't, you don't wanna just stick to, like, one platform here for your inbound content. You wanna have, like, two or three. And what you'll do is you'll have your primary platform, which is where most of your traffic will come from, but you're also gonna have a secondary and tertiary may- maybe three, maybe two platforms, where you can still drive traffic and still get some leverage. So, like, for example, we get lots of business from Instagram, we get lots of business from Twitter, but the main one's always gonna be YouTube. So the funnel. So what you wanna do is you need to build a funnel, because basically, as you're creating content, um, you know, you can make, you can do call-to-actions in your content where you say in your content, like, "Hey, like, if you want to learn more about my thing, then click the link in the description." And what we don't wanna do is just put a Calendly link or a cow link in there. We don't just wanna put a scheduling link in there, because, you know, that, that doesn't, that doesn't work. Um, I've tried it before. You just, you get lots of rubbish through. So what we need to do instead is build a funnel, and a funnel is basically like a sales page, dedicated sales page, that talks about your offer. Um, and what I've basically done is I've produced this thing called the easy funnel configuration because this is an easy grow funnel that I wanna share with you. Um, so I'll just show you how to create it quickly. I wanna run you through this real quick, but you can read these instructions in your own time. So, you know, this is, like, for YouTube, um, for example, but you can use it for Instagram, you can use it for Twitter, just anything. Just basically any content that you create needs to send traffic somewhere. There's no point in making content if there's no strategy in the backend to capitalize on that content or the traffic from that content. So, here's what, um, our funnel looks like right now, and you can see this. This is our inbound content funnel with our scheduler on here. Um, our scheduler might look a bit different to yours 'cause we need more capacity 'cause we've got, like, thousands of calls coming through. But yours is fine for now, and you can sort of see what this looks like, okay? So it's a pretty simple funnel. Very straightforward. And basically, here's the original video, um, funnily enough. So a lot of you will look at this, um, video here and think like, "Oh, I need to create something like this." But my first video, my first, um, video sales letter for this funnel was literally here, and you can watch this. And this booked me, I think, like, 3,000 appointments or something ridiculous like that. Maybe more like 5,000, and this was when I was, like, 21 or something. You can see I got a lot more hair (laughs), um, and I sat in my brother's room in my parents' house when I made this. So you can kinda see that. Now, in order to do this, in order to create a funnel, you need to use ClickFunnels, um, by far the best funnel software. So you can sign up for that by clicking here, um, and start the free trial and just create your account. The reason you wanna use ClickFunnels is because what I've got for you right here is something called a funnel share link. So, if you click on this, um, what it basically will allow you to do is go ahead and, um, copy the funnel template directly into your ClickFunnels. Um, and th- the reason that I'm showing it in ClickFunnels is because that's what I use to produce all my funnels. So first step is go and click here and create an account like this, so just log in here. So create an account

... site trial, and then once you've created your account, you can come here and you can then install my funnel directly into your ClickFunnels account, and then you can e-edit it. And it's really simple to adjust because, you know, y- y- you can just adjust it based off mine. So here's the final structure, very simple. Here's instructions on how to make the video, also very simple. Here's some examples of slides that I've used in the past, and you've obviously got this example for the video as well, you can see here. Here's how to deliver it, and here are the tools that you're gonna need to set it all up. Again, I'm not gonna go into too much detail into these points, because you've got a brain and you can read. But more importantly, um, it is very straightforward and I wanna kind of iterate that point by keeping it as straightforward as possible, okay? So it might take you some time to set this up, it might take you some time to make the video, but that's step number three. So to give you the next five steps, what I've done is I've taken resources from EasyGrow. So EasyGrow, for those of you who don't know, but most of you should, is a, um, is our next sort of program up from this one that teaches, um, B2B consultants, agency owners, coaches, et cetera, high ticket people how to systemize client acquisition. And it contains a ton of inbound systems. What I wanted to do in this video was give you a quick taste of the level of detail that we provide there, and give you more of a window into EasyGrow. So these v- these resources for inbound I'm about to give you are specific to YouTube and a YouTube system in EasyGrow. There's a ton more in EasyGrow, but these can be applied to any inbound system. So when it comes to ideating, creating, storing, packaging, and distributing content, you can do that in any form. So whether that's YouTube form with video content, or LinkedIn long-form content, or X or whatever that might be, you can have at it. So if you want to apply for EasyGrow, um, you can do so by clicking the link in the description of this video, okay? So it'll be down below. Um, so yeah, I just wanted to kind of reiterate that these are from EasyGrow, if that makes sense. So step four is the ideation system. So now that you've got your scheduler on lock and a way for people to actually book with you, th- and then you've got your platforms decided and you've got your funnel built, now it's time to actually go ahead and start creating the content. And really, when it comes to creating content, we have this thing called throughput, and the throughput exists in five forms. So we start by coming up with an idea for the content, then we have to create the content, then we have to store the content, then we have to package the content, specifically if it's on YouTube, and then we have to distribute the content. Again, like, th- the- the- the distribution advice that I'm giving you here is gonna be specific to YouTube. And all of these, um ... Actually, I should probably put this here, to be honest. Like, all of these are specific to YouTube, but like I said, you can apply them from YouTube to any form that you want. You just have to use your brain a little bit, okay? So great news for you if your pl- primary platform's gonna be YouTube, but you're gonna wanna do this for anything you do, whether it's Instagram, LinkedIn, TikTok, et cetera. So let's start with the ideation system. So here's how content ideation works as a system. So we have information, and then you have your subconscious processes, thoughts, and everything, and then from that, you'll get ideas, and then the ideas will feed back into the information. So the process for ideation is the fact that your conscious mind sets the goal to come up with an idea, and then your conscious mind begins taking in information relevant to the idea, and then your subconscious mind prioritizes the input of information relevant to the idea, and then your subconscious mind processes all the information, it attaches the new information to other information or memory, and upon this subconscious information fusion, a tangible, articulatable idea is made. The idea then bubbles up to your unconscious, from your unconscious to your conscious of thought, and then the thought is given credence by the conscious mind as that's a good idea or a bad idea, then the thought is written down, and then the idea becomes new information stored in memory for future ideas. So in case you're wondering, like, "How do you come up with ideas?" well, that's kind of the process, is you decide I want to come up with an idea, and then you think about it a lot, and then your unconscious kind of gets to work, and then, like, a couple of hours later or something, it will come up to you. So golden ideas. So I recommend that you come up with your own ideas for content instead of outsourcing or copying them, because your channel will then be unique, people will only be able to get stuff that you teach from your channel, you will deliver videos with more conviction because they're your ideas, and you'll only get to t- talk about things you want to talk about and understand. This is the key. So what makes a golden idea? A golden idea is an idea you understand well enough to articulate it and discuss it for five to 20 minutes, and one that the market finds value in. So ideas that you understand and ideas the market finds value in, that's the golden zone. If we can get o- ide- ideation between these two things, we're gonna make good content. So the garbage principle is garbage in, garbage out. Your entire channel or inbound systems, right? Remember, all these terms are interchangeable with other inbound systems, hinges on the quality of your content, and the quality of your content hinges on the idea behind it. Ideation is the most important step in the process of content creation. If you have the best creation, packaging, storing, and distribution process, but your ideas suck, your channel will fail. So channel output quality depends on the quality of the inputs. Mind output quality depends on the quality of the inputs. So I've used a two-step process to create a constant flow of golden ideas. And bear in mind, like, with YouTube specifically, I've never missed an upload. I've been doing this for four years, and I've made, like, hundreds of videos, probably more than, like, 300, 400 now? So basically, like, the first thing I'll do is kickstart my creativity by ideating 30 videos, and then what I do is I habitualize ideation so it happens constantly. So video ideation or content ideation is like a skill. At the beginning, you'll suck, but you can improve with practice. And now I can come up with ideas, like, in- in no time. Like, I can, like, I've compressed this unconscious feedback loop to happen real quick. So before we can start habitualizing and subconsciously systemizing ideation, we need to kickstart our creativity and channel by filling our mind with idea-related information. So here, we're gonna ideate 30 videos that your market will find valuable and you will be able to explain on video or text form. For now, we only want ideas, so don't worry about titles and packaging. The key here is just to go with your mind and don't try too hard.So during step one, there are no bad mental tangents and there are no right or wrong answers. So below, a list- are a list of actions that you can follow to get inspiration for ideas. Step one is all about taking conscious action to fill the mind with information it can subconsciously use to assimilate ideas. So this should take you three to six hours, and you need to do it today. So basically, here are the steps to sort of priming your brain for good ideation. So in your immediate environment, look around and see if any items can become ideas. Go to competing YouTube channels and read all of their titles by filtering- filtered by popular first. Use the autocomplete search feature in YouTube by searching for your niche or a topic. List all the things your niche is facing. List 10 things that have happened to you recently in your life. List what those 10 things have taught you. Find 10 written blog posts for your note- for your niche and read the titles. List 10 things you're interested in. List 10 things that are happening in the world right now. List 10 things you'd want your viewers to get from your videos. Spend 15 minutes on your niche's Facebook, LinkedIn, or Instagram profiles. Find and watch 10- five to 10 tailored, um, ads towards your niche. List five books you've read that are your favorites. List the three most important lessons from each book. List your five favorite movies. List the three most important lessons from each movie. Find one long-form video discussion in your market about your service that's more than an hour long. Find the most popular books in your niche and read the titles and blurbs in all of them and try and read the books if you can. Once you've completed all the action items, go for a quick one to two-hour walk or take a long bath or just do something relaxing. Take your phone, put it on airplane mode, and with the notes app open. Open this resource and list 30 ideas. So you can see them in here, okay? If you're struggling or need some extra help, here are 26 ideas to help you. Interview someone in your niche doing well. Interview a client. First impression of X. FAQ about your services or X. Rant video reviewing a product that your niche will use. Best product for under a dollar. Tutorial. How-to series. Product comparisons. How to get started with X. Transformation video. Reaction videos. Idea videos. Storytime videos. First wo- first-time experiences. Word-to-video videos, like from blogs or social media posts. Interview clip. How blank did something. Do's and don'ts. News videos. Tips and tricks for beginners. Top software for niche. Top books for niche. Tools and resources. Y- there's no way, if you do all of these things and you have 26 other ideas, you must be able to come up with at least 30 ideas for content, right? Again, they don't have to be YouTube videos. They can be blog posts, they can be tweets, they can be tweet storms, they can be LinkedIn long form, they can be email list stuff, whatever, okay? So that's the first step. The second step is to habitualize ideation. So once you've got this initial practice and you're kind of primed, what you want to do is habitualize ideation. So my strategy, uh, for this is a little less structured. So my strategy for video ideation revolves around only one question, and I've habitualized asking it every time I learn anything new or experience anything. I call it the golden ideation question. So how can I turn this into a golden idea for content So the second step in the ideation process is to systemize your behavior and mind by constantly asking this question when you encounter new information, ideas, or experiences in your life. You need to get into the habit of filtering past- all of your past and new experiences and everything new that you receive in terms of information format through the ideation question. So I don't care, like if I get stuck in like a traffic jam, I'm like, "How can I turn this into content?" If I get like, you know, if I have like a really, like rough time, like with my health or something, I'll be like, "Hmm, you know, what's the angle? Like how can I turn this into content?" If something bad happens in the world and some major news event happens and everyone's shocked, it's like, "How can I turn this into content?" You're not always going to be able to turn it into content. But by constantly asking yourself this question, you'll come up with tons of ideas. So to begin with, this will have to be conscious, but after a while, it will become unconscious, and you'll be able to sort of internalize this question and start coming up with ideas. And what will happen is, this isn't always going to hit the nail on the head. You're going to come up with lots of suboptimal ideas, and lots of your ideas are going to suck. And if your ideas suck, your videos suck, and your content sucks. But every now and then you'll have a golden idea. And it's being able to- to discern the golden ideas from the suboptimal ideas that will make you more money. So the golden ideation questionnaire should be, learn something, experience something, or relive a memory. Constantly ask yourself, "How can I turn this into a golden idea for content?" Apply this question to see if you can extend the thing into an idea for one of your channels. Write it down, no matter how bad or stupid it may seem or feel. And then step four must be done. You need to get into the habit of consciously extracting ideas and making them concrete, as this encourages your mind to come up with new ideas. Then you organize the idea as a golden idea or a suboptimal idea. So a golden idea is an idea that you can understand and explain, and an idea that fundamentally adds a ton of value to the market. And a suboptimal idea is an idea that you can't explain or doesn't add value. I'd recommend using Trello to organize this. So I'd have four boards for, you know, um, i- all ideas, golden ideas, creative ideas, and suboptimal ideas. So Trello or any other organizing software, you know, that, be it- w- you could even use a spreadsheet, you know I use spreadsheets. So get a notes app on your phone and bookmark it at the bottom of your homepage so you can easily access it. You want to export all your ideas on your notes to Trello or a spreadsheet. So here's a ridiculous example of this. So this was a while ago, I made this a while ago. It's longer than eight months ago. But eight months ago, I was sitting outside on my apartment balcony next to a wooden paneled fence. And growing up the panels was a small plant. And as a joke, and you can tell I have a great sense of humor, I asked myself, "How can I turn this into a golden idea for content?" So I counted up the slats, and there were 11 slats in total, as you can see here, on my balcony. Then I looked at the plant, and I thought, "Oh, this plant has taken 11 steps to grow," 'cause you can see the plant at the top here, like kind of snaking its way up. Sounds ridiculous, but then I thought, "Hmm." I thought about an agency owner and asked myself, "What are the 11 steps or problems they'd need to overcome to successfully grow?" And this was the result. And, you know, um, I- y- I took a picture of the- you can see the plant snaking up here, and I took a picture of the slats, and, you know, I was like, "Okay, here's the 11 steps to grow- to grow an agency based on what this plant had done.And, you know, the, the video itself is here, like this, that you can see. And, you know, it's kind of like, it got like ... This was three years ago, so getting 1,700 views, I had like no subscribers. And it was like, it actually did really well. And, you know, I got lots of clients specifically from this, um, which I thought was really interesting. And one of my s- six favorite success stories, Michael, cited this video as his reason for purchasing, all because I asked a question which was stupid to ask at the time, how can I turn this plant's growth up these 11 slats into a golden idea for content? And if you're wondering, by the way, um, this is Michael. So it's actually quite funny, because he, um, he watched this video and went from basically scratch to 25K a month with EasyGrow, specifically. This was a while ago, but this was ... We've been doing this for like three years now. Insane results. But the cool thing is it was all from this video, because I just asked this question. Which is quite fascinating if you think about it. And there's some more examples, you know. All of these examples are just like ... This one here, Why E-com is the hardest niche? Mass Niche Migration. This video, at the time, was way ahead of its time. It was about why e-commerce ... So SMMA, like for the marketing agency space, like e-com used to be the most popular niche, because all of the gurus would run an e-com agencies and everyone was buying from these gurus, so everyone had an e-com agency. And, you know, I was watching a David Attenborough documentary, and I was looking at like the migration of bison from like greener grass to like longer grass, you know. So like they eat all the grass and they migrate, they eat the grass, they migrate. And I realized that's kind of what was happening in the agency space, where everyone was migrating towards e-com and then towards lead generation. So I was like, oh, how can I turn that into a video? And then I came up with the idea. So a lot of my videos like come from this golden ideation question. So another method is grab and twist ideation, where you look at your competitor's videos, you grab their idea and twist it to have your own unique spin. The second one is series ideation, where you come up with a static series that you complete every week, ideas like where you interview someone in your market. It's almost like a podcast, right? One idea I had was cognitive bias Mondays, where every Monday I would explain cognitive bias. I never did this though, so. But you can, you can do that if you're really struggling. Comment by say- comment-based ideation. So you can ask your viewers every video to comment problems that they're facing relevant to your content pillars or any video ideas they have requests for you. This can become a never-ending source of ideation, so you can look at your, read your comments and like ask people for ideas. Multidisciplinary ideation. So take external disciplines that seemingly are unrelated to your topic field or discipline, um, learn from key points from each discipline, and when you're ideating see if you can extract them and put them into your ideas. I do this all the time. And ideation beliefs. So you are this system, so you need to be polished. So if you have limiting beliefs around ideation, then you'll think and act them out. So I used to believe that ideas ... Like things that I believe about myself were relevant to ideation. So my, um, identity based beliefs that you should know about from week two, um, ideas flow freely to me. I will never run out of ideas. I have too many golden ideas to execute on. These are things that I fundamentally believe Okay. So remember that if the, if the idea is bad, the video or the content will perform poorly. And if the content performs poorly, the channel becomes less valuable. So it really is all about ideas. And this is the ideation creativity feedback loop. So I've had more than 30 golden ideas last year, and this has been my key to consistency with YouTube and content. It's impossible to maintain consistency without ideation consistency. So if you want to find, if you find the golden idea question doesn't work for you, you can always sit down once a week and redo the exercise I gave you earlier. But eventually you will be able to internalize it like this, okay? So pretty simple, pretty straightforward. Creativity has no boundary here, so you can really build this neural pathway in, and before you know it, you're going to be coming up with banger after banger after banger. So that's step four. That's how to ideate videos, and you can read that in your own time and hack on with it as you go. So step five is the creation system. So once you've ideated a piece of content, you need to create it. So the input for the creation system is a golden idea, and the process is you articulating your thoughts about the idea whilst recording. Now, either recording or typing. So you, you know, you could be doing content in written form, like if you're blogging or doing a LinkedIn long form post or a tweet storm or email or something. But for you, for those of you that are making videos, then obviously you're gonna be talking. So either way, you're communicating your ideas either in verbal form or written form. I much prefer verbal form. Record a video is the output and then feedback, and we have the go-around So process for creation is taking the idea, listing the core points, setting up the recording environment, pressing record, making your points and outroducing the video. So the key points are to, when you're recording and when you're creating content, release any attachment you have to perfection. Release any attachment you have to wanting to not be judged. You are gonna make mistakes. Imagine you're explaining the idea to a friend, not a camera. It gets easier the more you practice. Instead of um-ing or ah-ing, pause if you need time to think. What you're really doing is thinking but on camera. Don't worry about your appearance, just focus on the value. So mid to long content, so like long form video content has three main forms. So really you can ... Well, to be fair, it has more forms than this, but you have your camera, you have your Miro board, or you can use a whiteboard, you can use an iPad, you can draw, you can talk, you can interview on Zoom. There's some examples here. But generally speaking, shorts have one form camera. Now there are actually more forms of short form content, to be honest. Like, you know, you can, you can like do whiteboard shorts. There's all sorts of shorts you can do, right? But really what you're doing is hooking the viewer, introducing yourself briefly, making a few points and outroducing yourself in your final. So I'm not gonna get into too much detail with the creation, because what I, what I think is gonna be necessary is a lot of you are gonna have your own way of creating content, and it's really hard for me to give you cut and dry instructions that are, you know, binary So what I'm going to do is run through this document quickly and you can take from it what you want, but I would recommend you read this in your own time. So I don't really follow an SOP for creation, I don't plan or script my videos. They're all recorded off the cuff with just the idea and no preparation, um, for my content for YouTube or whatever. I've always been able to do this, even before my channel started. I'm lucky it comes naturally to me, but it might not to you. So I have devised a standard operating procedure on planning videos. So this is specifically for planning videos, so have a look. So the video length, if you're wondering how long should my videos be, just as long as it should be for you to properly explain your idea. So step one is pick the idea. Step two is list the points. And what you can do is you can use this resource to ... Like if you're wondering like what points should I actually make in a video, I've made a whole resource for you on like exactly how to list out these points. So if you're, if you want to make a YouTube, like a really fucking good YouTube video, come up with the idea and then open up this resource here, and you can come through and use these critical questions to extract all the points that are relevant to this idea, okay? Like with these questions here. And then what you can do is you can list all your points below, and then what you can do is remove the points that you don't think are important and then you can order them in the way that makes the most sense and then you've got a video And that's how you can script an idea from some golden idea that you have never really thought about before all the way through to a linear chain of thoughts you actually want to discuss on camera, bang. And I'm giving it to you right now. And you can kind of see this is like, once again, a window into like the EasyGrow methodology, where it's just so thorough and like everything is just simply covered. Like there's no stone left unturned here, if that makes sense. So step three is to create the video. So print out your points or have them to hand in some way or another. 3.2 is level your camera horizontally and centralize yourself to the camera. This is, this is just how to record a video, really

You know, um, pretty simple. Start the video about thinking, say, "Hi, everyone. My name here." Just introduce yourself. Hook the video. So you want to basically have a hook. Um, explain why the video's important, introduce yourself, and then transition to your first point, okay? Make the first point and then basically just all you're doing here really is just repeating the steps for all of the points that you've got, and then you're basically going to outroduce. So an outroduce or an outroduction is outroing the video, where you're introducing the funnel, um, and you'll ask them to like, comment, subscribe, or whatever is relevant to the platform, right? It's really important that all of your content, you use your call to action at the end. So you just say, "Hey, by the way, if you want help getting this, then just click the first link in the description. I don't really care if you click it or not, but just check it out." Um, and that will help you get some people to the funnel. Always, always, always have a call to action to the funnel, and only mention it at the end or if it's really relevant throughout the video. So the points must flow. There must be a connective statement between each point. Instead of saying, um, or, uh, or ah, just pause. This is much easier to edit. Don't be afraid to pause to think. Have your points in order. If you have 10 points, just imagine you're making 10 mini videos. And it might be easier to make your points as individual videos or whatever feels natural, okay? And then clip them together. So video creation is not this big scary task where you have to create one big video. You're kind of like creating a bunch of tiny videos and stitching them together. It's easier to think of, um, 10-minute video as 10 one-minute videos. Does that make sense? So like, a lot of people, they get really overwhelmed when they've got to make a long video. But really, all you're doing is just making a consecutive series of points. And if you know the order, if you know the order in which you want to make the points, then you can just make the individual videos and then stitch them together. Pretty simple. So you don't have to like remember anything. So all you have to do is make your points in the right order and connect them together with cuts, and the video is complete. And this removes a lot of the fear of making YouTube videos. Um, so yeah, don't be afraid to have the points. Here's an example if you want to see me using a point prompt, um, actually on screen. And you can also watch this video to observe how I connect points so it flows. Um, and you can have a look at these ones here, right? So shorts creation, if you're making short form content, uh, this is really simple, to be honest. Just be very concise and just state a thought. Um, record vertically. You, you should know all this stuff, right? That's, that's pretty simple. If you're wondering like how to become more articulate when it comes to creating stuff, couple of rules. Only create videos on topics and ideas you truly understand. Practice verbalizing your thoughts with voice notes where you can. So like ven- send lots of voice notes, send lots of, like, messages through voice, and read a lot. If you read a lot, like, you'll have a massively wide vocabulary, and you'll be able to, to communicate and explain your ideas way more coherently and cohesively and in a, in a manner that's significantly more impressive. So that's creation, and I know I'm blasting through these, but you can kind of see how simple they are. This one's the storing system. So step six is you need a place to store your content. Um, this is the system and how it's structured. So you have the raw video, sheets and folders, and organization. Pretty simple stuff here. Um, what we want to do is for all of the systems that you've got, you want to have a folder structure in Google Drive and a spreadsheet to track ideas and videos, and you can obviously upload these videos accordingly. So what I've got for you here are a couple of examples of planners. So what you want to do is ... This is for YouTube specifically, and this is for short form content specifically. So what you can see on YouTube, um, in terms of how you could plan out your content, this would be if I was making like three videos a week, which is obviously quite extreme. Um, but you can see here how we have like, you know, all the months down here, and you have your video ideas section here with the titles. And basically what you can do is you can use this spreadsheet to come up with an idea, a title, um, a short text, you know, to, to sort of just summarize what it actually is. Um, and then the video, the edited video, the description, and the thumbnail. All right? So here's an example. Like, I want to make a video on delivering cold looms. Um, here's the title, here's the short text. Like, it's just a guide on cold looms. And then, um, here's the raw video, here's the edited video, here's a description for the video, and here's the thumbnail. And, you know, this is just a nice way to keep content organized. This obviously is specifically for YouTube. You can make a very similar thing for any other form of content you want to make. Obviously, in EasyGrow, again, we have these content, um, management systems all built for you. So drive folders. So here's the short form one, for example, as well. Okay? You can see how that works. So drive folders. Um, you wanna create a Google Drive called YouTube Videos or whatever content you're making. Um, and in each of these folders, you want to basically create months. In each of the month folders, you want to label weeks. And each of the week folders, you want to label the pieces of content. So basically, what you need to do is you need to decide right now, um, and I maybe should have noted this down in the instructions really, but you, you should- this should come pretty intuitively to you. You want to think of what your frequency is going to be. So how much content are you going to produce? Like, if it's YouTube, you're going to want to make one or two videos a week. If you're tweeting or, you know, if you're making short form content, you might want to make like three a day. If you're tweeting, you might want to tweet a couple of times a day. Do you know what I mean? So it's like, you know, you need to know based on the platforms like how much frequency you want to put into this. Um, so for me, YouTube, I've always stuck between one to three a week, depending on how busy I am with other parts of the business. But one a week is very consistently, uh, uh, proper for me. And you'd never want to go below one a week, really. If you kind of look at all the big YouTubers and how they structure it, one a week seems to be pretty effective. So you only need to create as many folders as your content schedule intends for step five. So here's what my, um, folder looks like for YouTube, for example. So you can see that I've got all of the months of the year in here, and each month of the year has the weeks, and each week has, um, the day. So if I'm uploading three times in a week, then I've got three folders for each piece of content. And you want to get into the habit of having like a ruthlessly organized system for your content, um, so that you can keep things organized and keep this sort of throughput flowing from ideation, to creation, to storing. So what I do is I would just use AirDrop or like a USB-C to USB-C folder file-... sorry, not folder or file, like a, a cable. And, um, I just upload it straight to my laptop, get it in my, um, get it in my... You can see I've got it here. Like, I've got my main schedule and business schedule here. I've got my main videos, my business videos here, um, and all of these things. Like, I can just hop straight in, upload the video, bang, done. And it looks like this, okay? So that's the storing system. Again, incredibly straightforward. So the packaging system is specific to YouTube only. So this is for titles and thumbnails. So you can see step seven here. So the raw content is the input, title thumbnail editing is the process, and the packaged uploadable video is the output. So the process is to come up with a click-worthy title for the video, a click-worthy thumbnail for the video, remove big mistakes and constant fillers from the video, add simple cuts to the video to make it choppy and make it flow, and add all of the above to your content planner, ready for distribution. And if you're doing shorts, there's no thumbnail needed, and editing should consist of subtitles and music. Um, so yeah, pretty straightforward. So we don't want to overcomplicate this. So packaging principles, um, think of your YouTube videos like a food item in a grocery store or market. The items that sell the most have the best packaging, and of course, they have the best products as well, but generally speaking, like, they have the best packaging. So here are some of the key points for packaging videos, like titles and thumbnails. Keep it simple. The message should be clear and easily understood. Focus on a result or an outcome. Position the video as a vehicle for them to get something that they want. Don't be afraid to clickbait, and title and thumbnail should act as an incentive. The market wants, desires, and craves certain things, outcomes in their lives. They have a goal, and they're going to watch videos that they believe will help them realize that goal. If you understand wants, desires, and cravings, you can understand how to title and thumbnail well. Titles and thumbnails give the market an idea whether or not the video is valuable to them. It comes down to two principles. One, the title and thumbnail should correspond to what they want. And two, the video content is what the market needs to get what they want. So when you make a video, you have to ask yourself the following question, "How can I position this idea and content as a way for someone to get what they truly want?" And this question is the secret to packaging. So the market knows what it wants, but not what it needs to get it. Therefore, you position the video as a need. If you position the video as a need, the market won't resonate with it because it won't resonate as important. But it won't click and watch, even if it's truly is what they need. So for example, if you want to lose weight, you need intermittent fasting, but your market isn't going to be aware that intermittent fasting will help them lose weight because they might not, they might not have the conscious awareness of the idea. So the idea is that basically, what they need and what they want are two very similar things, right? The need is how they get it, the want is what they... what is the outcome they want to get. So all of your packaging should be based on the outcome, not the result, not... Sorry, the result and the outcome, not the delivery. So for example, um, how to deliver a pay-per-appointment offer, SMA. So for example, what they want is knowing how to deliver a pay-per-appointment offer. What they need is a follow-up process for leads that come into their client's businesses. So if I titled this video, like, how to follow up on leads, it wouldn't get any views because no one cares about that. But everyone wants this, so you say, you, you talk about what they want, not what they need to get what they want. And then in the video, you talk about what they need. Does that make sense? So the idea is a golden follow-up process and, you know, that's how it works. So another one, what they want. And by the way, these are niche videos. They might not have many views, but these fucking crushed for us. So what they want, the best cold email template to book appointments. What they need is advice on how to think about cold email. So the idea is a few points on writing cold emails. So imagine if I just titled this video, five points on how to think about cold emailing. It wouldn't work. Instead, it's, it's what they want. And the same thing here, and the same thing here, and here. You can pause these ones. Do you know what I mean? This is, this is the original trial by fire recording as well. Um, funny enough, this has got like 150,000 views now or something crazy like that. I don't know. Um, but there's some more really good, um, channels that you can use to get ideas from. Um, Hamza's old video's really good. Um, Graham Stephan, good. Hormozi, good. Becca, good. Um, yeah, pretty cool. External packaging. So this is the title. By the way, the, um, these guys here, um, I haven't... To be fair, I haven't watched any of their YouTube videos. I made this resource quite a while ago in EZGrow. So when you're looking at these guys specifically, you might want to look at their videos from a couple of years ago, because those, those were the ones that I was referring to when I made this video. So the content might have moved on since then, if that makes sense. So external packaging is titles and thumbnails. So the easiest way to write banging titles and create banging thumbnails is to fill your mind with banging titles and thumbnails. So here's how. So first of all, you want to make a copy of this sheet here, like this, okay? Then you want to go to the top five to ten ch- channels in your niche, directly or indirectly competitors, sort their videos by popular, add the titles and thumbnails. So, you know, you can add them in here as, as just links, right? And then when inputting view counts, you put the raw numbers with no comments. Once done, click on column D and highlight the entire column. Then basically sort that sheet from high to low. And now once you've done this, you have the top fi- 50 to 100 titles and thumbnails that have been proven to get attention and clicks from your niche. And this is a massive asset. So you can do this for all your competitors. Like, this is obviously kind of YouTube-specific again, but any other content that you can find. Like, just, you wanna just try and get a list of, like, the 100 most effective, highest, highest viewed pieces of content in your niche. Because then when you're coming to package your stuff, you can draw from that and your packaging will be insane accordingly. So I don't really have an SOP for title writing, um, but what I have got here are viral title elements. So this is pro- these are actually proven ways to write titles and angles to write titles that work. So refute an objection. So 5% of the best per- best ever performing YouTube videos m- that... Basically, what we did is we did, like, a, a case study on the best YouTube, like, how to go viral on YouTube. And, um, we found that 5% of the videos refute an objection. It's like how to do this without doing this.6% of them are basically epic or extreme. And this is, by the way, general entertaining as well as ed- educating videos. This is like a whole viral thing, everything combined. Beginner tips, like how to get your first thing or how to do this. Timeframe, so 9% of viral videos include a timeframe. 14% include a deep desire. 17% include authority. 20% are timely, so like, trend jacking or news jacking. So like, you know, if- if you're, like, around Halloween time where, like, the world's ending, you make a video about that, which is no surprise. 20% of these videos are lists, really interesting here. 39% of these videos use negativity. Curiosity, 56%. Crazy. And then incentive. Um, I don't know why this doesn't have a number here. It did have, I think. Anyway, the- you need to have an inc- like, a, like, incentives work massively. Like, if you can- if someone sees a video, there's a way for them to get what they want. That's basically an incentive. So on average, viral videos have 2.2 of these elements above and 50% of all videos have at least one of these numbers in them. So basically, half of all viral videos on YouTube contain really more than, like, two of these things. So when you're making your videos, if you want them to go viral, they should include at least two of these things. Does that make sense? And the more, the merrier. So curiosity and outcome. Drama is good. Negativity is good. Simple is good. And 49 characters or less. So you also want to use buzzwords as well, so, like, niche-specific language. But that's pretty simple. Thumbnails, um, this is pretty simple. Like, key points of thumbnailing, always show your face, face position to the left, thumbnails should support the title, and the thumbnail should give visual context. I don't make my own thumbnails. I- I just hire a thumbnailer. And there's plenty of good thumbnailers you can find on Fiverr. Um, Thumb God, this is the person that I used for my thumbnails for a while on Fiverr. Uh, I don't know if I'd recommend them anymore. I- I haven't used this person for, like, two years. So you can always check them out, but, you know, there's going to be way, way better ones probably now. I don't know, to be completely honest with you. Again, I made this a while ago, so just take that recommendation with a pinch of salt. Um, just have a look on fiverr.com. There's loads of thumbnailers there. How to manage the thumbnailer? Um, you need to give them pictures of your face, give them short text per video. Have them watch the video before they thumbnail it, by the way, really crucial. Provide access to a mid-to-long content scheduler. I'd pay no more than $20 per thumbnail. Um, you can pay more than this. I actually pay a lot more than this now, but different game. Explain the content scheduler and how they work, and share your Google Drive. So thumbnailers have a tendency to take the easy route and follow the same style of thumbnail for all your videos. They'll tell you, like, "Oh," like, you know, "Man, like, we're just gonna stick to the same style." It's like, no, no, no, no. That's bullshit. It's just laziness. So encourage them to be creative. Otherwise, they will make thumbnails that look like everybody else's thumbnails. Um, pretty simple. Internal packaging is basically your editing. Um, obviously, like, part of packaging a video is editing it. So if you're wondering, like, editing instructions and stuff, like, the only real editing instructions that you need for your content, like, for- for video content is just cut out mistakes, 'cause you have more important stuff to be doing than worrying about, like, editing videos and stuff like that. Trust me. So, like, you can hire an editor if you want. But honestly, like, you can- you can read through these instructions and everything, like, on how to manage the editor and stuff if you want to hire an editor or have one. But honestly, the only thing that I did with my YouTube for the- for- for a long, long time and the only thing that I really do now is just cut out mistakes. And I don't make mistakes any more in my videos. Like, I'm- it's very rare that I'll have to cut something out. Other than that, you don't really need any editing, full stop. Okay? Um, because, like, it's just low leverage. Like, there's- you've got way better things to be doing than just figuring out what- how- what size of text to use on the- on the ti- subtitles or, you know, like, "Oh, do I use- do I use this, like, you know, sound here," or whatever. Just- just keep it so simple, man. So basically, um, that's how to package your videos. So you've got your thumbnails, you've got your titles, and then here's basically how to, um- how to go ahead and edit the videos as well. But again, like, I wouldn't even hire an editor. I'd just cut the mistakes and then that's it. Nothing else. Okay? And then last but not least, um, we have the distribution system here. This is how to distribute content. Obviously, we take the packaged content, we upload it, and then we gotta- we gotta distribute it online and that can feed back. So this is specifically for YouTube again, um, but here's the thing, right? You're gonna ... But the point I'm making here is I'm kind of qui- very, very quickly overviewing the five-stage system that I've got for YouTube. But my point here is you can extrapolate these principles and using your brain, you should be able to create your own systems for other platforms as well. Does that make sense? So for distribution, I'm gonna talk about YouTube, but if you're tweeting or if you're- you- you can build your own systems, is what I'm saying here. So the process of distribution is very straightforward for us for YouTube. We upload it to YouTube, we post the YouTube- uh, the video to the social channels. We send the e- the video to the email list that we have, and then we repurpose that to a podcast platform as well. So to be honest, like, it's very simple. Um, what you're gonna wanna do for YouTube is set up an evergreen description, so you use the same description for your video, and there's instructions on how to do that here. Um, I've got a bunch of distribution standard operating procedures here. So if you- if you are doing YouTube, you're gonna wanna read these ones, right? But again, like, I don't wanna teach you how to suck eggs 'cause this is literally just how to upload a YouTube video, right? It's like (laughs), you know, I don't wanna- I don't wanna bore you too much, but you can- you can read through these and they're very straightforward to follow, like step-by-step instructions on how to upload videos. You can find them here. Um, how to post a video, you can find it here as well. Um, if you want to distribute your video to, like, an email list that you might have, like an inbound email list, um, here's how to do that specifically. Um, and then also if you want to do, like, a podcast, so what we have is we have a podcast, um, that we set up, then you can- you can have a look here as well. But again, like, it's really ... Not all of you are gonna wanna do this. It's not relevant to all of you. So for those of you that it is relevant to, then you can quickly hop in and read that in your own time. Same thing for shorts. We don't really have a redistribution process for that. Um, I'd recommend you just distribute this yourself. You don't need to hire anyone to do this for now because you're not making enough money. And honestly, that's it. So I know that, like- I know that I've kind of nonchalantly just walked you through these five, um, content-specific systems, but the point I'm making here, similar to the outbound systems module, is if you have these components in place, then you have a content system. And the main thing to focus on when it comes to content systems is the ideation system, because the schedule is easy to do, the platform's easy to pick, the funnel's easy to build, it's easy to create the videos, it's easy to store them, it's easy to package them, it's easy to distribute them. The- the hard part is coming up with the good ideas. And so really, if you want the point of leverage to focus on, I would read this thing through a couple of times. And that's why I purposefully went through this in a little bit more detail than the others, um, because if you can come up with good ideas, then everything else is so much, like, it just, everything will fall into place. But again, like, all of this is tied into you having a funnel, tied into booking appointments and stuff like that. And, um, yeah. So that's pretty much the information that I've got for you today on building inbound systems. Like I said, in EasyGrow specifically, you're gonna find, like, a- way more detail than this on a whole myriad of inbound systems that you can use to book tons of appointments. But again, because of the nature of the program, I just wanna get you started, I wanna get you that first client, just get you taking some actions without having anything be too perfect. And then when you feel the time is right, which could well be now, um, you can book a call to explore EasyGrow and you can get your hands on those systems when you're ready to take this seriously and really start scaling up. So that's everything for building inbou

... systems. I hope you have a wonderful day and I look forward to seeing you in the next video. Take care.