# 5.6. 90 Day Plan Of Attack

(instrumental music plays) Hey, everyone. Charlie Morgan here, and welcome to the 90-day plan of attack short video. This video is just to serve as a sort of round-off to what you've just learned with building inbound and outbound systems. Now, what you'll notice, um, following this video are two videos that you should have already watched, being Trial by Fire: Mark II and Iterative Renaissance. And the reason that I've put these two, um, sort of mindset/stroke business foundation videos in this module or this week as sort of a replay is because they're very imperative. And I think getting outreach right and getting this whole client acquisition thing, appointment booking thing right, um, if, if someone told me like, "What are the two videos that you need to watch and really understand to get it right?" it's going to be Trial by Fire: Mark II and Iterative Renaissance. So after this, um, this is kind of the end of the practical week five training, specifically on getting appointments and, you know, booking people in to get sales calls, but I want you to make sure that you re-watch Trial by Fire and you re-watch Iterative Renaissance. Even if you think, "Oh, I don't know if I need to, don't know if I want to," um, really important that you do. And any time that you get stuck with your outreach or your client acquisition or any time that you can't book appointments or struggle, I want you to come back to this module, and I want you to re-watch Trial by Fire: Mark II and Iterative Renaissance. Because the reason that you're not getting clients or the reason you're not booking the appointments is because of one of two reasons. Either you're not doing the work and you're, um, you're letting the resistance win and you're avoiding the pain, which is solved by Trial by Fire, or you're not being scientific and you're not experimenting properly and you're not iterating and you're just being chaotic and not scientific. So, those are really the only two reasons that you're not gonna be able to book appointments. Either you're not doing the work or you're not doing the work properly, okay? Which is why I've included those. But this video is more of just a sort of round-off to, um, finish what we've learned and sort of just give you a nice clear sort of plan of attack, just to make things nice and straightforward so that you know what to do. And, you know, if you do this, it's how I got my first client, this sort of 90-day attack protocol. Basically, what I'm going to encourage you to do is go sort of all out for the next three months, like completely all in on the business. Every waking moment of the day is going to be dedicated to getting clients and doing outreach, nothing else. I don't want you doing anything else. So let me just kind of explain this. So, 90 days all in, all out, very simple. So this quick resource will help you structure your outbound and inbound efforts for the next 90 days. If anything, this is just an accountability tool. So here's the thing, the next 90 days are critical to your success and will truly determine whether you make it or not as an entrepreneur. They are very make or break. Here's the thing, right? Like, right now, you are at your most emotional high with this business, and you're going to be more determined, more motivated, and more inspired than ever to make this work. And what that means is that, you know, this sort of emotional wave that we've been building over the last five weeks together, like, if you can't be consistent now, then you're in really deep trouble. Because you're on such an emotional high right now, and you need to learn to ride this emotional wave for as long as you can. Because what's going to happen in a month or two is you're going to lose faith, you're going to get demotivated, doubt's going to creep in. You might think right now there's no way that's going to happen, but trust me, it will. And so what we need to do is leverage and take advantage of this massive strong emotional pull that you've got right now, um, by making a decision to just lock in for the next 90 days. Now, you need to do outreach forever, n- not yourself, right? Eventually when you buy EasyGrow you can have setters, you can build systems and not do it yourself. But really, for you, with the position you're in, it's going to require lots of manual graft. Um, and so, you know, you need to make the decision with me right now, like, for the next 90 days, I want you locked the fuck in filling this sheet out every day. So I've got this 90-day attack plan that I'll walk you through in a second, but it really is very much now or never. Like at this point in the training, you've got everything you need. You've got your foundation set up. You understand the mindset stuff and how that works, and now there's no hiding behind the mindset thing. You have developed a methodology, and you know you have something to sell. Even though you might not have much faith in it yet, you've still got something to sell. You know how to run a sales call and you know how to book appointments, or at least, you know, you're building systems to learn how to book appointments. And so now all you have to do is put traffic through this system. And so what you've done basically over the last, you know, five weeks with me here, or however long it's taken you to go through this, is you've built the infrastructure, and now you need to put it to the test. And if you can't do this, if you can't do the outreach, if you can't make the content, if you can't start trying to generate appointments, all the work you've done is for nothing. This is the only thing that will matter right now, is booking appointments and doing the work to get these appointments on the board. There is nothing else in your business that you need to do to grow. Nothing else. There is nothing else. Nothing. This is the most important thing. And so anything that you do for the next 90 days, really the next 365 days, the next 700 days, the next year or two, should just be about getting clients. And it's gonna suck and you're gonna hate it, but we've built the infrastructure and I've given you the best training on the planet, right? The- period. Nothing's... I've, I've been through all of the make money online courses, right? I've, I've, I've bought, I've bought them all. I've been through them all, like pretty much every single one. I have pro- what I have produced here over the last- that you've been through the last five weeks, nothing comes remotely close. And so what I'm telling you now is it doesn't matter that this training's great. And obviously it matters because it's very helpful, but all of this is for nothing if you don't do the work. So what I need you to do is make a decision right now, like write it down on a piece of paper. Like, all we're trying to do for the next 90 days is build momentum. And it's gonna suck and you're not gonna... It's gonna be tough. And one big problem that you're gonna have, and there's not much you can do about this right now, but I just need to explain it so you can expect it. You are on an emotional high, okay? So you're really high up, you're feeling great, you're feeling excited, you're feeling happy.And you have a very strong expectation of this business and, you know, the dreams and the aspirations in getting the clients and making the money. And you can do that, but it's gonna take longer than you expect. And what's gonna happen is obstacles are gonna start to show up. You're gonna get rejected, you're not gonna be able to book as many appointments as you'd like, your sales calls aren't going to go very well at the beginning, your methodology might fail at the beginning, and all these things are gonna hold you back at the start and they're gonna be obstacles. And because you're on such an emotional high and you have such a strong emotional expectation of this business, any sort of slight thing that gets in the way of you achieving that expectation is gonna register on a very neurotic, emotional level. And so basically, for the next 90 days, you need to get, build this momentum and just lock in as hard as you can. And don't be surprised if, you know, you don't book loads of appointments, or your, the sales calls go bad, or you get a client and you have to refund them. Like, this is all part of the process and what, what I don't want you doing is blindly full of emotion coming into this process and just thinking you're gonna be a millionaire in the next year, and then getting a year down the line and quitting because you got nowhere close to that in the timeframe in which you set. And this comes back to what we talked about in week two with removing the timeframe from the goal setting and stuff like that. So just know, this emotion you feel, this excitement, this like sort of, "Oh my God," as in like, you're gonna, about a month or two from now, it's gonna completely flip to the exact opposite and you're about to be tested beyond belief. Which is why you need to rewatch Trial by Fire and you need to rewatch Iterative Renaissance because you have to keep your pain avoidance in check and you have to keep your scientific method in check. If you can do those two things, like honestly, if I was you, I would rewatch Trial by Fire Mark Two and I would rewatch Iterative Renaissance every single week. Like, I'd, I'd put time aside to watch them like every Saturday and, or every Sunday, 'cause it's gonna be like, you just do not forget those things in those videos. The rest of the training is obviously important, but when it comes to this stuff, specifically Trial by Fire, like, do not stop watching them. Any time that you feel like you're sort of venturing off or getting really emotional or getting up in your head or avoiding the work or being lethargic or ... Just stay on track with those videos. If you can face the pain and you can be scientific, you can make millions. So here's the 90-day attack plan. So it's very straightforward. Um, what we've basically got here is a nice simple little spreadsheet. Um, and basically we've got days one all the way through to days 91. And what this basically is, is it's one, two, three, four, I think it's like 12 weeks or something. And what I want you to do every single day is do outreach and do content. Now, obviously you might not be making content every day because remember, you know, it's like you might only be making one YouTube video a week and like 10 tweets or something, and you might batch that all on one day. But basically, you tick these boxes if you've done your content for the week. So if I'm making YouTube videos and I decide that my upload schedule is two videos a week, and I make both videos on day one, then I can tick all these boxes for the week because I've been consistent in my upload schedule. Okay? And then what you've got here is outreach done, and obviously, you know, this is, this is again, Mon- this is Monday through Sunday. Like, I want you on fucking lock the whole time. You know, and you might be like, "Oh, but like, like there's no point in cold calling on Sunday because nobody's in on Sun-" Just do it anyway. Like, it's about building the momentum, it's about building the habit, building the consistency, like not listening to all the resistance. And so, you know, you'll put in here if you've done your outreach. And then what you wanna do is you wanna put in, um, how much outreach you've done out of 200. So every day, 200 should be the goal. And if you're wondering why, that was my goal. When I got my first client, I did this for 90 days and got my first client by doing 200 outreaches a day. Like I, I booked so, I, I booked like 60 sales calls or something. Bear in mind I didn't have the sales training, so I didn't really know what the hell I was doing. (laughs) Um, but you know, the thing is like maybe on like maybe this day you do 241 cold calls or you know, you, you, you send as many cold DMs or cold emails as you can. Maybe this day, maybe you only do like 139. And what you'll start seeing is you're gonna start to see like inconsistencies here, and you always want to get like as close to 200 every day as you can. Now, for some of you, 200 might seem a little extreme because, you know, you might not be able to source that many leads or the market might not be that big. But generally speaking, like I don't wanna hear any excuses here, I want you doing as much as possible. Like, that's the rule. Every waking minute of the day for 12 hours a day, seven days a week, is focused on outreach once you've done your content. Nothing else. Nothing else. I don't want, I don't wanna see you listening to fucking podcasts, I don't wanna see you fucking tweaking your website, I don't wanna see you, you know, hanging out in, online on, in these little forums or these little groups. I don't wanna see you watching YouTube videos on how to do a sales call. I don't wanna, I don't wanna s- I just want you doing outreach, nothing but outreach. Constantly, it's all you need to think about, and you need to get as close to 200 as you can every single day, tick the boxes and, you know, be consistent with this. You know? And once you've done a week of consistency, post it in the community. Be like, "Hey guys, like look, I'm fucking doing the work." And trust me, that's wh- you need to release your attachment to getting a client. Okay? Put all of your attachment onto ticking these boxes and getting this done. And put all of your, all of your emotions and all of the emotional ... Regulate all of your emotions around whether or not you're doing the work instead of the work you're doing is working. And that's a crucial lesson in emotional management, because you can control these things. You can control the consistency, you can control doing the outreach, you can control how much you've done, but you cannot control when you get your first client. At least not at the moment, because you don't have the skill or the knowhow yet. So put all of your attachment, emotional attachment onto just doing the work, and I'm telling you right now, it, you might be, you might be doing this until like, you know, day 60 before you book an appointment, 'cause we've gotta iterate, we've gotta test. Your content might get no views. You might be shooting over 200 for like three weeks and get nothing. That's fine and it's to be expected, but you just must be consistent and do not relent, do not give up, lock the fuck in. Okay? Like, all in, don't relent, every single day, no matter how you feel or how bad it gets or how much doubt you have or, "Oh, I need to switch my niche," or, "I need to change this," or just Trial by Fire.Iterative renaissance. Trial by fire, iterative renaissance. Do the work, do it properly. Do the work, do it properly. Be scientific, face the pain. Be scientific, fa- just constantly drilling those videos into your head over and over again until you could literally recite them word for word, that is how you're gonna get through this, and that is how you're gonna get to a point where you iterate towards a system that functions and do the work, okay? And eventually, you know, you can obviously speed this up very significantly with EasyGrow because you can just copy and paste the things that already work, which means you don't have to iterate as much, but still, you know, you might not be there yet and, you know, when you are, we will most certainly welcome you with open arms, okay? So this is exactly how I got my first client and I'm certain it will help you do the same. I'm not theory crafting here. This is, I had one of these sheets, uh, albeit it wasn't as pretty, um, but I had one of these sheets for 90 days and I did, you know, my 200 a day. And, you know, lo and behold I got my first client on like day 88 or day 89 or something. Um, and that was a fun time. God, that was a brilliant time. So yeah, that's everything for week five. Go ahead and rewatch trial by fire and iterative renaissance. Please, I know I'm repeating myself, do not stop watching those videos. Schedule to watch them every single week. You might think, "Oh, I'm not gonna do it." Don't be a fucking idiot. Listen to me. I know this stuff is important, and I know you need to do it because I did it, and I reminded myself of these things over and over again and it's literally what worked for me, okay? So I'm, I'm imploring you here, like I just want you to get results, that's all I want. I'm not trying to punish you by giving you more homework or anything. I know that you love me droning on about fucking theory for three hours. (laughs) I know you probably don't. But yeah, that's it, and if you do this and you follow these instructions and you truly deeply listen and you do not give up, then the world will open up to you and the universe will give you everything that you want and more and you'll be very surprised and you'll be sat there 10 years later thinking fucking hell it was all worth it 'cause that's where I'm sat right now. I'll see you in the next video.