# 1.3. Six Figure Fusion

(gentle music) Hey, everyone. Charlie Morgan here, and welcome to Six Figure Fusion. In this video, we're gonna discuss the fundamentals, um, and the foundations of a consulting business and what you need to have in place to become successful. Then we're gonna continue to explore some more axioms, first principles, and fundamentals to help you better organize your thinking so you can make better decisions and take better actions as you go through this training. I need you to see these foundational videos in the same way that a, um... you would approach a sport. So let's say that you wanted to learn tennis, okay? Now, if you were trying to get into tennis and the first thing you did before even really doing anything, like, you go down to your local tennis shop and let's say you buy a racket that's $10,000. You buy this tool, the best tennis racket you can find. It's, you know... N-now, like, just having that racket doesn't make you good at tennis. And the same thing is true with this program. The racket represents the shiny object, such as the sales script, or the outreach strategies to get clients, or the strategies to become an expert, or the... maybe it's the financial strategies later on, like, you know, to, to learn how to manage the, the, the cash flow you make. And maybe it's the content strategy. Like, there's... I'm gonna give you the best tactics and strategies in the world to get clients, become an expert, manage the business, and get to six figures. That's gonna happen. But those things, they are like the t- expensive tennis racket. In order for you to even know how to use a tennis racket, you need to understand the rules of the game. So these foundational videos, whilst they are long and arduous and, like, you know, sometimes maybe, maybe you're not that stimulated by them, they are very, very, very important. Okay? So please make sure that you've watched Elucidatoria Xions before this video, and please do not skip any of the foundational videos, um, either in this week or the next week in the mindset module as well. I know it's a process. I know you're used to, you know, MrBeast-style editing and 15-second short form clips with Minecraft parkour put in the bottom. And I know having you... asking some of you to watch the three-hour video once a day is... I, I know it sucks, but if you can't watch the two or three-hour video, how the hell are you gonna build a business? Because trust me, it's way harder than this. So without further ado, let's get into it. So we're gonna discuss the consulting foundations, um, consulting hypothesis, the consulting equation, knowledge, memory, and time, exponential distribution, feedback loops, second-order consequences, consequence maps, feeder actions, and then stickability and consistency. Once again, please do not put this video on a, you know, 2X speed. Please do not have any tabs open. Take your phone off your desk. Trust me, like, if you get this stuff right, like... a- a sometime... literally all you have to do is get this stuff right. So please take it seriously. Please take my word for it. Um, I really want the best for you. And I know that some of you might be looking at this list of... this list, this agenda, and being like, "I don't care about second-order consequences, just give me the scripts and..." You know, those are the people, i- if you give into that narrative, you know you're not gonna become successful. So without further ado, let's get into it. So welcome to Six Figure Fusion. Here, um, here we discover... I should put "we" here. Here we will discover and define the core pieces of a successful consulting business, and we will boil your entire success with this program down to a simple equation. We're also gonna continue to build on more important fundamentals to set your mind straight. And like I said, please ensure that you've watched the previous videos before starting this one. So here we've got consulting foundations. So it's very, very, very, very, very important that you get your foundations right. So it's... and just like anything, if you're building a house and you try and build that house on sand or on mud or, you know, on a cliff with poor foundations, it's gonna fall down. So what are the foundations of a consulting business? What are these, you know, core pieces of Lego, so to speak, that we build everything on top of? Because that's really what a foundation is. It's, it's a core building block that... and every single thing that you build, you add into your business, is built on these foundations. And so this kind of comes back to what I was saying a minute ago. If you mess up the foundations, it doesn't matter how good your sales script is, because a great sales script on top of terrible foundations will be outperformed by a terrible sales script built on incredible foundations. Foundations are where most of your leverage is. So the first foundation of a consulting business is a niche. This is, um, patient zero of the foundation, so to speak. This is where we start. Now, a niche, or if you're using the American term, which some of you probably will be, a niche is a group of people, and that's it. It's a group of people. And this, the... a niche... a group of people become a niche when they can be grouped together by a statement or feeling of identity. The group or the niche shares the same current situation, desired situation, problems, goals, struggles, beliefs, routines, stories, lifestyles, et cetera. So people belong to niches based on a lot of different things. For example, um, they belong to a niche based on their work, their ideology, their diet, their culture, their religion, you know, what they eat for breakfast in the morning, okay? We can segment and group humanity into, you know, neat and tidy pockets based on the, um, behaviors that they partake in or the thoughts they have or the belief systems that, you know, that, that carry them through the world. Now, a single person can belong to multiple niches at the same time. For example, let's say that you are a consultant and you also happen to like classical music. Now, you belong to two niches. So obviously you belong to more than two, but if you, if, if you are a consultant and you love classical music, then you are in the consulting niche, which means that, you know, you're part of this group of people that are c- called consultants online, and you're also in this niche of people that like classical music, okay?Now most people belong to a ton of niches, um, but they will have a main niche that characterizes the majority of their identity or their life. And, you know, so for example, for me, the- the niche could be, uh, YouTuber or it could be consultant or it could be, you know, multimillionaire, as another example. That's a specific niche. Now niches can be B2B. So B2B stands for business to business and this basically means, um, like what is the, um, what are we exchanging with? So you know how we discussed in The Lucid Ace Three Axioms that money is created when value is, is, um, made, money is made when value is created, okay? And so making money is an exchange between, you know, you and the other person and it's this exchange of value to money. And so, you know, a B2B niche is basically where, um, you know, you're- you're, um, selling to businesses. And this should say business here, okay? Or this should say consumer, and this should say consumer. Okay? So niches can be B2B or B2C. So if it's B2B then you're selling to businesses, if it's B2C then you're selling to consumers. Now all niches are really B2P because, you know, it's always business to person because who runs a business, right? (laughs) It's a person. So even if you're working in the B2B niche, let's say that your niche is, I don't know, let's say you work with, uh, dentists, right? Dental practices. Well, when it comes to you selling, you're still selling to the owner of the practice, so it's still kind of B2C but it's not because they're- they're a human, they're like a, um, businessperson, right? So, we've got B2B, B2C, but it's always B2P, you're always selling to a person, and, um, that's how that works. So if you're wondering what some examples of business niches are, then we can look at these two resources that you should have access to, um, through this document that will be available in the resources section. I- I kind of took the liberty here of defining pretty much every single niche, (laughs) at least B2B niche, in the world. And there's like 4,000 of them, so, you know, you can have a look through here. But, you know, for example, like, um, a breakfast restaurant, like every breakfast restaurant in the world is a niche, you know? Or, you know, let's say a car- cardiologist, private cardiologists. You know, that's a B2B niche, 'cause it's a business offering a service. Or let's say a, um, sushi restaurant, you know, there's a, there's a niche as well there, you know? Or we could scroll again and find dog trainer, that's a niche. So all of these things that you can see here are niches, and some of them are kind of, you know, th- they're not... I took this from a, from a resource, so some of them might not be very good niches, like an oil store, although that could be a good niche, I don't know. Um, but you kind of get the point, you know, just basically businesses that can be aggregated together. And then we've also got this thing here from Yelp which is basically a category, um, list of like all of these different industries, um, that Yelp kind of, uh, promotes or has available in their directory. And so, you know, if- if we take the pet industry, we could see that, um... Let's just have a look here. You know, reptile shops could be a niche, okay? Now in a personal niche space, um, I'm not recommending nor not recommending these niches, these are just some random examples that came to mind based on, um, some of my friends that have consulting businesses that, um, they've told me about. So, you know, for example, like, um, binge eaters. So, you know, women between the ages of 35 and 40, or 45, whatever, that have a binge-eating habit Or young men that are addicted to porn, or husbands in failing marriages, or parents that have overachieving kids, or professional basketball players or astronauts. Any group of people, any group identity, um, that can be assigned to an aggregate of people is a niche, okay? And so with your consulting business, and we're gonna talk more about this in the niche video, so for now I'm just bringing your awareness to these foundations. But in later videos when we talk about picking your niche, picking the problem that you're gonna solve, et cetera, um, you can do B2B or B2C. Like you don't, you don't have to, you know, have an offer and- and solve a problem of just helping people make more money or helping businesses get more customers. Those offers work and they're very, you know, compelling and they can make you money, but I know a guy that helps, um, you know, a- a close friend of mine, um, called Leon, some of you, um, may- may- maybe you know who he is. His name's Leon and, um, Leon had a, um, big drinking problem when he was younger and he managed to, um, overcome this drinking problem and fix it and change his life. And now he, um, he makes lots of money teaching people how to overcome alcohol addiction and how to, you know, cure alcoholism, and he's very good at it. And, you know, he's built a very successful business and career off that, and so his niche is alcoholics and, you know, he- he picked the problem to solve for them And so that's a, that's an example of a B2C consulting business. Whereas me, for example, I'm B2B, so I help, you know, agency owners, coaches and consultants with high ticket client acquisition and that's, you know, what I help them do, and that's B2B 'cause I'm selling to- to businesses. So, you know, there's, there are, I mean, tens of thousands of niches. Like in the business space there's thousands of them, personal niches there's thousands of them. Like there's a lot, and, you know, it's, I'm gonna show you how to pick the one that is right for you and how to- how to get in on that. So don't worry about that. So niches exist inside of industries. An industry is basically a segment of the entire economy, okay? So when I talk about industries I'm talking about the manufacturing industry, or the tourism industry, the food industry, the transportation industry, real estate, technology, education, professional services, agriculture, financial services, banking, media, fitness. These are like the big, the big macro shell industries. And inside of an industry you have lots of different niches. So for example, we've got professional services industry. Well, inside of the professional services industry we might have the consulting niche, for example. Now industries contain niches and typically..Niches contain niches and we would call these micro-niches. So, this is where it gets kind of interesting because, like, you can't niche down into an industry. So, you can't say, "Oh, I work in the banking niche," because the banking industry is, I mean, it's gigantic. (laughs) There's, I don't know how many hundreds of billions or trillions of dollars, probably trillions in the world of, of, of the total economic machinery attributed to this bad boy, but you're not niched down into an industry. You niche down into a specific group of people inside of an industry and inside of that group, you usually find other groups as well. So, coming back to the alcohol example, you know, we could say that Leon works in the, um, you could say it could be the professional services industry or it could be the education industry where he's educating people to quit alcohol abuse. And, you know, he, inside of the, that industry, you know, he's come, he's brought it all the way down to alcoholics and then he's brought it, once again, all the way specifically down to, you know, men who are alcoholics, and then all the way down again to men who have certain, um, certain proclivities and stuff like that. And so the more specific you can get with a niche, typically, the better. You know, you might have heard the, the phrase before that the riches are in the niches, to use an Americanism for you, okay? So, for example, you know, um, restaurants are a niche and inside of the restaurant niche, we have the micro-niche of steakhouses. And another example could be, you know, we could take the automotive industry, okay, or the transport industry, probably the automotive industry, and we could say inside of the automotive industry we have the car dealership niche. But inside of a car dealership niche, you have the Mercedes-Benz dealership niche because, you know, it's a, it's a specific micro part of it. And another example could be we've got the fitness industry and a niche within the fitness industry could be gyms and a micro-niche within the gym niche could be CrossFit gyms specifically, or it could be yoga studios specifically, okay? Or it could be budget gyms, or it could be high ticket gyms. And these are the business examples. Now let's get into a personal example. So, let's say that professional basketball players are your niche. Well, NBA league players are a micro-niche because they're, you know, there's a, there's only a few of them, it's pretty specific. And let's say that binge eaters are the niche. Well, teenage male binge eaters with worried parents could be a micro-niche. And then let's say that vegans are a niche, and then we could say, well, elderly male vegans are a micro-niche. So, maybe your, maybe your niche that you choose to go for, and I'm not advocating for this and I'm not saying that this is a good niche or a bad niche, I'm just giving you an example, um, maybe you say, "I help men over the age of 65 turn vegan," or, "I help men over the age of 65 turn carnivore or keto," or any, any, any diet, right? And so the point I'm making here is I don't want you to think that the examples I'm giving you (laughs) are, th- I'm not advocating for them, I'm not recommending them, I'm not telling you that you should start an alcohol, um, rehabilitation program. Like, I'm just giving you examples, so please don't think for a second that these niches are ones that I'm recommending, and please don't think for a second that I'm not recommending them. I'm just giving you examples to make it soli- to solidify it. You need to pick your own niche, it needs to be your decision, and like I said, I will explain how to. So, don't worry about picking a niche yet. You might have some rough idea as to, you know, where you want to take it, but I'm gonna give you the most comprehensive and solid exercise in a later video to explain. So, this video is just here to introduce you to the idea of a niche and we'll talk about it later, okay? So, once we've picked a niche, once we've nailed the first foundation, um, and, you know, the, the reason that I said earlier, like, the foundations are the most important is because the market you're in is kind of the biggest constraint and bottleneck to your entire business success. Um, like, for example, if you want to, um, go into the student niche where you want to help students, um, then you're probably not going to make that much money because while students, like, historically and famously are broke and don't have much money and therefore, you know, if you base your fou- the foundation of your business on a market that has, um, significant financial restriction, then your business is going to face significant financial restriction. So, there is a lot of stuff that goes into picking a niche and, um, we'll get into it later. So, the second foundation is the problem! So, the problem is basically, well, we explore this in Elucidate's Reaxioms, right? The problem is your opportunity to, um, provide a solution, to provide critical information to create value and alleviate pain. So, we know that money is made when value is created and we know that value is created when pain is alleviated, and we know that the only real way to alleviate pain is to solve a problem which we do through the application of critical information. Now, if what I just said to you makes absolutely no sense, it's probably because you haven't watched Elucidate's Reaxioms, so please make sure you have. So, at this point, you should know that we need to have a problem to make money. We need to solve a problem to make money. Problems are unwelcome obstacles or situations that prevent a person from achieving a desired situation or outcome, and the great thing about problems is they are what we would call fractal, okay? Pro- that, that, what that means is it's, it's pattern-based and problems are shared by a niche. So, niches share many problems, but there's always a few problems that, you know, that basically are the most painful and that are shared by most niche members. So, to give you some examples, if we once again use the binge eating niche, as I said, I'm not recommending this niche nor am I not recommending it, it's just the first example that came to mind. Some problems that binge eaters have are gonna be cravings, relapse, self-hate, body image issues, et cetera, et cetera. And so, what we can do when we have a niche and we define a group of people is, like, we can start to extrapolate the problem that one person in that niche has to every single person in that niche, okay? So, take yourself, for example, right now, and you're going through The Imperium Academy. You are in this sort of business opportunity, you want to start a business online, um, make money online niche, okay? And y- the problems that you have that are preventing you from getting what you want, you share with pretty much everybody else in this program, and that's like, that's just a, a truth. You're gonna have similar belief systems. Now, you're not gonna be identical to everyone, but in the aggregate, if I took 100,000 of you, I could make some pretty damn solid a- mathematically accurate predictions about what your day looks like, how you think, you know, what you want, what you don't want, what you desire, and more importantly, what problems you have. And once you understand the big problems in a niche and you understand that everybody in that niche has those big problems, now we've got a scalable business model because we can solve that en masse. So, another example could be a restaurant. So, if the, if the restaurant niche, which is a B2B niche, um, uh, one problem they might have, and I'm just guessing here, I don't actually know, one problem they might have is finding good chefs or low profit margins, or another one could be seasonal trade. So, maybe your niche is, I help restaurants in, um, in hot countries or in holiday areas get more table bookings in the winter. Just an example, right? Um, I, I don't know if that would work or not. I've never tried it. I've never seen it work. Just an example. Once again, (laughs) I'm not recommending these, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, disclaimer, disclaimer. Okay? They're examples. And what I don't wanna see is suddenly 1,000 consulting businesses spring up suddenly helping restaurants find good chefs or summer restaurants getting c-, like, do you know what I mean? Like, please think for yourself. I don't even know if these problems exist, I'm just giving you examples. So, do not base your entire financial future off of some random examples that came to mind when I was making this. I can't stress that enough. Please do not let this bias you into thinking that one of these is the right niche or the wrong niche to pick. So, as per- ... the niche selection. Um, I'm gonna help you find a painful problem in later videos, so don't sweat it for now. I just want you to be aware. The, the next foundation above the niche is the problem, okay? And I'm gonna show you how to find a problem, we're gonna pick a niche, then we're gonna do some research, find out what they struggle with, and that's that. So, the third foundation is the solution. So, the solution is basically a manifestation of the application of accurate and appropriate critical information to a problem. So, a solution happens when we take a problem and we solve it, okay? And the way we solve it, as we know now, is by applying critical information to it. That's what a consultant does. Now, niches pay for solutions. Solutions feel pretty damn good because they alleviate pain, and we know that when we alleviate pain by providing a solution, that that solution becomes associated with value. Because re- remember from the last video, value is nothing but an association between sentiment and solution. That's kind of really what it is. So for example, you know, if we take the binge eating example, these are their problems. Then, you know, maybe the solution we'll provide is training on how to manage your cravings, or maybe you make a pill on, that you give to people who are binge eating and it has the specific genetic biological code to make them not crave crisps. I don't know, right? You get the point. Another example could be restaurants. So, you know, let's say that one of the problems they have is finding good chefs. Well, maybe you become a recruitment consultant and you do done-for-you chef finding. You know? Or maybe you come up with a brand new restaurant strategy and a new dish to sell. Like, a primary example of this, this problem thing... Really good example, if any of you are familiar with MrBeast, which most of you will be, if you remember the Beast Burger during the COVID lockdowns. So, what MrBeast's team did is they did this... I mean, this was damn, damn brilliant. All of these restaurants were, you know, closed, and they all had kitchens and facilities to, you know, make food. And they had, like... L- there were key workers and staff, but no one was going to these restaurants. So, what MrBeast's team did, and what MrBeast did, which was absolutely genius, was create this franchisable MrBeast burger, where he went to all these restaurants, like, across America, and was like, "Hey," like, "here's, here's a burger to sell. You can... I'm gonna whack my name on it. Here's exactly how to make it. We'll provide all of the ingredients and everything you need, and you can sell it and then you can deliver it to people." So, like, "We're doing food delivery here." So, like, people can still get the, what they want from the restaurant, but it's branded and everyone knows what it is. And, you know, it's really profitable 'cause it's literally just meat and bread, so crack on. And MrBeast made a lot, a damn lot of money with the Beast Burger, because suddenly the niche of restaurants had this massive problem of, "Hang on, no one's coming because of COVID." And so he found a way to solve that problem, and obviously the restaurants paid him significantly for that. So, the solution is what you bring to the table to solve the problem. It's an amalgamation of the critical information that you have sought, found, processed, and applied, basically. And solutions create results. So, these are the first three foundations. You pick a group of people, you find the problem they have, and then you solve that problem. Now, once again, I'll walk you through how to do the whole solutions thing in, in future videos. So, this- this... The whole point of the solution is to create the result, and that is the fourth foundation of a consulting business, which is the result that you actually get someone. So, a result is simply the synthesis or outcome that happens as a result of the application to the antithesis, um, to the thesis. So, in English, if you remember what that means from, um... Oh, hang on. Oh, sorry. If you remember what happens, um, with this cause and effect model that we talked about in the loose state of the axioms, um, really we've got a problem and a solution. So, the niche has a problem and you have a solution. You apply the solution to the problem, we let some time elapse, and then we get the person, the result, or the, the niche, the result they want. And the great thing about being in a niche and picking a specific group of people is this becomes very repeatable. And so your entire business just basically becomes about finding people that have the same problems and then just repeating that solution over and over again. And this is how we effectively print money. If you don't have a niche, you can't do this, because every customer you sign is different and has different problems, and that's just a nightmare. Like, you know, if you're, like, a marketing agency, for example, and you serve anyone, well, the thing is, is you're never going to really provide a, like, a better result to a specific type of business compared to a specific niche-based marketing agency Anyway, that's a story for another day. So, yeah, this is how results happen, okay? Now, results are not binarily good or bad, and they work on a scale of weak to strong. And this can depend on how much time it took or how easy it was or how good the result was. So when, when, when you say, um... When I say to you, um, like, "This program's going to get you good results," like, it's not really... Like, how, well, how do you define good? (laughs) It's not really good or bad. It's how good or how bad, or how strong are the results or how weak are the results. And the quality of the results you get from this program are gonna be determined by, like, how quickly you managed to get them, how easy it was, and really, like, how big the result was in the first place. Because if you go through another program and it takes you, you know, six months to make $1,000, and then you go through this program and it takes you six months but you make $100,000, well, both programs got you results. (laughs) They both solved the problem of helping you make money online, but one was significantly better than the other. And that's why I'm putting so much effort into these videos, right? This, this video is a prime example of that. The last two videos have taken me, like, two weeks to make because I want you to get good results, and the only way I'm gonna do that is by making sure it's as straightforward and easy as possible. So, results work on a scale of contrast. Some results... Some consulting businesses get weak results, and some businesses in the consulting space get really good results. And whether a result is good or bad or not is only compared to the other results that you could get from the other optionsSo, I know for example, that this program is gonna smash every other make money online program out there, and I know that my results are gonna be good because they will be better th- and, and stronger than everybody else's programs (laughs) and everybody else's programs that cost tens of thousands of dollars. This thing, as you- as you're well aware does not cost that (laughs) and, and is probably 10 times better. So, this is how you build good foundations. It's like, the result is a absolutely imperative foundation, and so when you're building your products and your programs and you're making your services, they better be fucking good, because if they're good, then you're having a stronger foundation, okay? Now, the strength of the solution is determined by the strength of the result it basically generates after the application to the problem. So for example, you might consider this program a strong solution compared to other programs out there. If it gets you better results than the previous programs or mentorships you've tried, then it's better, and your basis assessment on your perception of the program as well. So, you know, you might say, "Charlie's program's good," not only based on the results you get, but based on your perception of the results that you will get. So, you know, my confidence and my effort is gonna seep into your psychology, and you're gonna say, oh, well hopefully you'll say... Maybe you hate this thing. (laughs) I d- I hope not. You know, you're gonna say, "Oh, this is, this is a good program." And that's happening because I'm putting effort in, et cetera. So remember, solutions are only weak or strong when results are measured and compared to the results of another solution. So, whether you've got a strong solution or not is basically dependent upon whether or not it brings about a strong result. Because I could've, I could whip up this course, I could whip up the Imperium Academy in, you know, this could be the case for any product, right? I could whip this course up in two weeks flat. I could. I, I could just skip, cut, cut a bunch of corners, um, and just whip it, wick it, like, whack, whack it together, patch it up, and then just sell it to you or, you know, give it to you, whatever, right? Um, I could do that. And the thing is, is that would be doing an injustice because the... First of all, the result's not gonna be as good because, you know, you're not, we're not being as thorough and we're not taking our time and I'm not giving you everything you need. And what that means is the solution just sucks, which means that one of the core foundations of my business is weak, and so everything I try and build on top of it is just doomed to fail. It doesn't matter, like in the long term, over, over a good enough time horizon, it doesn't matter how good you are at sales, it doesn't matter how easy you find getting clients, it doesn't matter how great your mindset is, if the results you get for people suck, then everything's gonna come crashing down. And a prime example of this is this program, um, like I s- I spent two weeks on two videos. Most people spend two weeks on their entire program. Like this is a six-month build for me. I'm in for it, you know? (laughs) And you're gonna be able to see this as, as I progress through this thing, this is not an easy thing to do, making these programs Now, I'm not saying that you need to spend two weeks on two videos at the beginning. That's not what I'm saying at all. The only reason I can do this is because I've been doing this for, like seven, eight years now. Your first programs are gonna be sort of quick and scrappy and you're gonna try and get the job done, and you don't, you don't want to chase perfection at the beginning. But we're gonna talk about that in week three when we talk about becoming an expert and building your product and stuff. So, once again, keeping it high level, but you get the point. So, here's a concrete example of, of this, you know, of, of this sort of strong and weak results thing. So, let's say that you are a recruiting consultant for high-end restaurants, and let's go back to this example saying that you help high-end restaurants, so restaurants with Michelin stars, that could be your niche, okay? And what you do is you help them find qualified chefs. And, you know, maybe there are four other recruiters or four other consultants that you're up against, and they're all trying to bring qualified candidates to the table, okay? So it's a race. So there's ph- five businesses, you're one of them, they're all serving the same niche, trying to do the same thing. Now, the question is, is well, okay, well Charlie, if I've got five, if I've got four competitors and me, and we all have the same niche and we all d- we all solve the same problem and have the same solution, then how are we any different? How do I differentiate myself? Well, the answer is in the quality of the result. So, let's say that all the chefs are qualified and can get the job done for the same salary So all five recruiters, or all five consultants, they bring, they all provide candidates for this problem, you know, they all provide a solution for this problem, and all the s- all the solutions are qualified. So all of the chefs fit the bill and they all, uh, they're all gonna accept the same salary. However, the person who introduces Chef One, Chef One might have four years of experience and a couple of regional culinary awards. So they've won some awards for cooking. But Chef Five, whilst being qualified and accepting the salary, Chef Five might have 30 years of experience, three Michelin stars, and a massive culinary social media audience to boot. Like a massive food audience on Instagram to drive traffic to the restaurant. And this person, wherever they work, their audience goes to find them. Like, it's the same niche, right? High-end restaurants. And it's the same problem, finding qualified chefs, and it's the same business model, consulting, but if, if consulting business number five brings a chef that has 30 damn years of experience and three Michelin stars and an audience, and consulting business number one just brings some dude that's won a couple of awards and has four years of experience, who do you think's gonna make more money? Who's adding more value? Like, the person who gets the best result, right? It's really simple stuff. You have, you have to gauge this. You have to understand the, your success, your financial, um, success is about how good the results you get for people. It's n- do not be fooled by anything else. Anything. It's all about this. You're up against a lot of people in the same niche solving the same problem with a similar looking solution, but not all solutions are qui- created equally, okay? One will be better than the other, and it's the one that's the best is the one that wins in the long term. And that's the whole, that's th- th- the only reason I have so many people in this damn program nowI mean, I'm making it now, there's no one in here yet, but I'm anticipating that when this thing's launched, it's gonna go a little bit mental, and that's because it's going to get the best results. So the consulting business that brought Chef 5.0 to the table, and please excuse this terrible pun, has the strongest solution, and therefore, the strongest results and has added the most value and s- this person will make the most money in the long term with enough time applied. You know, chef, the per, the mark, like consultant one was chef one who is kind of okay at getting chefs in, but they're not great, like they might win in the long, in the short term. If they're really good at selling and marketing and they're really, they're really like great in front of a camera and they're re- they're really good at like talking and stuff. Like, yeah, they might, they might beat consultant number five in the short term, but wha- when time starts to elapse and people in this niche start talking to each other and the, the real results come out in the wash, it's gonna be Chef 5.0 that wins, okay? And this happened with me in my consulting business at the beginning, you know, when I started, um, Imperium Acquisition and I was helping agency owners coach consultants. Like, you know, it took the market like two years for, for everyone to realize that Easy Grow was just the best thing, like, you know, there were people that were better at marketing than me, and there were people that were better at sales than me, and, you know, there were people that were making tens of millions of dollars, you know, by making ridiculous claims and being good with Facebook ads, and I just spent all my time (laughs) on the pro- I spent 12 months building Easy Grow. And I knew that if I just did that, given like another couple of years, like soon the market would realize and then everyone would flock to us, and that's literally exactly what's happened. And everyone that relied on fancy marketing, well, we've left them in the dirt, and a lot of them are now working as marketing managers for random companies, like we've destroyed them. And you destroy your competitors by providing better results. So, you know, here's an example here. So we've got a strong chef or a weak chef, not physically, just in terms of their skills, right? But, you know, chef one could be a good chef. This could be four years of experience with some regional awards, really promising, but in comparison to chef five, they're pretty damn shit. And so, you know, I want you to understand this, that results and solutions, they work on a scale of contrast positioned against other solutions that your competitors are providing, and so if you want to beat people, you have to be better than them, and to be better than them means to get better results, and to get better results means to be better at the damned thing that you're doing, and that will all be explained in week three. So here's an example, obviously, of how, um, different consulting businesses can solve the same problem and be in the same niche, but, you know, this is why, why I make, you know, $10, $20 million a year and some of my competitors make five grand a month. You know, like, the, uh, the, the difference in, in these two results is obscene. Getting results is one thing, getting strong results is another. Once again, this comes back to critical information, it comes back to effort, it comes back to experience. You know, if I, I've got the critical information to make Imperium Academy, it's in my brain, right, 'cause I've done it. Uh, I could, like I said, I could build the academy, Imperium Academy, in two weeks and just scrap it together and, and not bother with the colors and making it aesthetically pleasing so you can do it better, not bothering with any of the anything, just, "Oh, just here's some Google docs and some slides." What a waste. So, the fifth foundation and the final foundation is your offer. So, your offer is basically how your solution and results are packaged and positioned, okay? Your offer is basically what someone gets in exchange for money. Now, this is a pretty important thing to realize, um, and I'm just gonna, uh, do this. Sorry, excuse me. I just wanna make sure that this is formatting, it's not formatting correctly, which is really gonna frustrate me, um, but there's not much that I can really do about it. Okay, we're just gonna pretend that didn't happen. Um, okay, so the foundation five offer, so, sorry about that. So your offer is essentially, um, like you have your solution, you have the results and, you know, if you, if I go to, you know, if, if you go to someone and, um, like if, if I went to someone and said, "Hey, I'm going to teach you the foundations of business," you, you probably wouldn't buy that. But if I went to you and said, "Hey, I'm gonna teach you how to get to 10K a month," you'd probably buy that, because there's a strong difference between what we need and what we want, and I can tell you a story about this. Um, there's a kid who has a dog, and his dog gets sick and he goes to the vet and the vet says to the kid, "The dog needs to take this pill," and the kid tries to get the dog to eat the pill, and the dog, you know, the dog needs the pill, but it, it just won't eat it. It's like, you know, the kid tries to put it in its food, dog leaves the pill, the kid tries to prise its mouth open, the dog spits the pill out. The kid tries everything to get the dog to eat the pill. The kid goes to his grandma, "Grandma, I can't get this dog to eat this pill, like dog's gonna die. It needs the pill." And the grandma's like, "Well, have you not, have you tried wrapping it in ham?" Kid's like, "What?" And she's like, "Wrap it in ham, give it to the dog." So the kid goes back home, you know, he, um, wraps, wraps this pill, takes this little white pill, it's got all this dog slobber and stuff on it at this point, it's not looking too pretty. He wraps it in ham from the fridge, calls dog over, gives the dog the ham with the little pill inside of it, the dog goes ham on the ham, dog eats the ham. Pill goes down, dog eats the, eats the pill. Kid's like, "Oh my God, it worked." Goes back to grandma, "It worked, grandma." She's like, "Well, of course it worked." He's like, "Well, why did it work?" Grandma says, "Sometimes you have to give people what they want to give them what they need." And that's exactly what you're doing with an offer. People don't buy what you do, they buy the outcome and result of you doing it, okay? It's a very important lesson. You don't buy personal training, you buy an aesthetic physique, okay? You don't buy a bottle of water, you buy hydration, you buy the outcome, and that's the simplest way I can explain offers to you, and this goes deeper and I will explain it in way more detail when we get into the offer modules, but for now, this is all you have to understand. So offers are comprised of a few things. Identity call-out, which is basically your niche, the outcome, the timeframe, the price, and then risk reversal, and this is market dependent. So the identity call-out is like, I help, you know, binge eaters or dentists or alcoholics or whatever. Outcome, this is what you help them achieve. Timeframe is the outcome in which you help them achieve it. The price is pretty self-explanatory. And then risk reversal is like, what happens if it doesn't work and do they get their money back or a refund? So for the academy, oh, well, like I can give you an example for the academy that you're going through now, Imperium Academy, I help, you know, people make money online in X amount of days. I mean, you probably know the offer 'cause you clicked on the damn thing, right? So offers exist as statements made to your niche in long or short form copy, and this is gonna depend on the marketing scenario. Once again, there's gonna be more on offers in a later video, so, you know, don't worry too much about that. Just like solutions, offers work on a scale of strength and weakness. So here's an example, okay? So, you know, we've got Easy Grow's offer versus other client acquisition program offers. So in Easy Grow, um, and this might change, but right now, as of me recording this, in Easy Grow we guarantee a certain number of clients and it's a pretty damn big number of clients. So we actually guarantee, like if someone joins Easy Grow, that they will sign clients. Like we say like, "If you do not sign this amount of clients in this amount of time, then we will give you back your money." And that's called risk reversal, okay? So we have a guarantee. So that's our offer, and that's a, that's, th- it's just a standalone offer, and it's only strong because if you compare it to our competitors', it's way better. So our second competitor, um, they guarantee like half the number of clients that we do, so our offer is twice as good. And then some of our other competitors are like, "Hey, I'll just help you make..." ... your money back. That's not a very good offer, is it, compared to ours? So offers work on a scale of contrast. So this is basically the foundations that you need to have. These are the foundations. And so what we can do is, with these foundations, is we can create what we would call a hypothesis. And this is what a scientist would do, um, you know, with, with a scientific experiment for example, where you take the variables and you combine them together to, to see what happens. And so with these five foundations, we create what I call the consulting hypothesis. So these are the five things, and you ha- these, you have to get these right. Like I said, it doesn't matter how (laughs) expensive your damn tennis racket is. If you don't even understand the rules of the game, if you don't have, like if you can't walk, what's the point? (laughs) You know, it's like you need to know how to build the foundations. And so the foundations are: niche, problem, solution, result, and offer. So the niche is basically, you know, the group of people that you're helping. The problem is what you're helping them solve. The solution is the bundle of critical information that you're applying to the problem to solve it. The result is the manifestation of the solution. And the offer is the way you package the whole thing up to make this process make sense to this group of people. If you nail these, you will be successful. Doesn't matter how good your sales script is. Like let's think about this. Niche, let's say your niche is people who have cancer. The problem is obviously that they're gonna die and they have cancer. Terrible, right? The solution could be, um, you know, a chemical compound that can be physically ingested that kills cancer, and the result of that is that the cancer is gone. And so your offer would be, "Swallow this pill once, and you'll wake up tomorrow cancer-free." But I mean, tell, talk about some strong foundations, right? (laughs) You know, the stronger these things are, the more likely you are to be successful. And I cannot stress and overstate the importance of these five things. If you nail, if you pick a really ... And I'm gonna show you how to do ... Um, we're gonna get these. We're gonna pick them. I'm gonna show you how to, to, to do this and nail the foundations. What I need you to understand right now is that these things are worth getting right. Okay? I need you to really believe and buy into the idea that these things are worth spending a lot of time on, because we're gonna spend a lot of damn time on them. Okay? If you nail the niche and you pick a great niche, you pick a painful problem, you figure out how to solve that, and you figure out how to do it really damn well, and you figure out how to position that solution and that result in a way that compels them to buy, then you'll be successful. This is all it is. N plus P ... Well, we, these should be plus signs really, shouldn't they? So let's add these in, 'cause otherwise it doesn't make any sense. You know, N plus P plus S plus R plus O equals S. And you know, if you're taking notes, you should write this thing down, because this equation is gonna make you a millionaire. And I know it's gonna make you a millionaire, because, well, it made me one, and not just a millionaire but a multi, multi, you know, eight, multi-eight-figure millionaire. It's a pretty damn good place to be. So a hypothesis is a combination of variables and constants that, if combined, hypothesize a specific outcome. Basically, it's a theory. Okay? So when you pick a niche, a problem, a solution, a result, and an offer, you're creating a theory. And what you're gonna do with your business is go out into the world and try and get customers, and you're gonna test your theory. And I'm gonna help you come up with a pretty damn good theory, so hopefully it will work. And it should work, I promise you. Now, you want to think of yourself as some sort of scientist. You know, when you're creating your business foundations in later videos, imagine you're a scientist coming up with a hypothesis that you're gonna test in the market. And there'll be more on this in the other resources. In this case, the outcome is success. Okay? And I'm defining success as accomplishing your goal. So this just represents the accomplishment of your goal. So, before we continue, damn good niche, damn good problem, damn good solution, damn good result, and then a damn good offer. If you nail that and you get those things right, you're really gonna be in for a pretty damn good life. I can tell you that, because (laughs) it's exactly what I did. So what we can then do is we can use this consulting hypothesis and our newfound understanding of the foundations to boil consulting down to a simple equation. And that's basically CS+CH+P+A+K times C to the power of T=DS. And you might be saying, "Charlie, in English, please." (laughs) So let me explain. So what we've got here is CS. So the first part of the consulting equation is your current situation, and that's where you are right now. Okay? The second part of the consulting equation is CH. And CH is your consulting hypothesis, okay, which is your foundations. So we're gonna create this hypothesis in this week. The third part of the consulting equation is P, and that's your plan. And that's the checklist I've already given you in Elucidatory Axioms. It's your to-do list. It's your action items. It's basically doing this program or the idea of the program. And then A, which is action, which is ticking the boxes and doing the work. And then this is where it gets interesting, because we're gonna do a little, a little power here, right? So it's, it's plus K times C. So what's K and C? Well, K represents knowledge, which is basically having and finding and seeking the right critical information. And we times K by C, which is your character. Your character is an amalgamation of your mindset, your identity, your paradigm, your belief systems, your worldview, your trai- your traits, your skills, everything that is you, basically. Because if we take the right knowledge, and we take the right person, then you're gonna become successful. It's very simple, okay? T in this little equation represents time, and this is basically however long it takes. (laughs) Like, you know, in order for you to do anything, you need to have time. That's p- uh, kind of like without that, like, you know, you need it, otherwise it doesn't work, right?So, that's that. And then the last thing is the DS which is your desired situation. So, current situation, where you are right now, plus your consulting hypothesis, plus your plan, plus your action of that plan, plus your knowledge, plus your x by your character, to the power of time, equals desired situation. These are the first principles that you need to have in tow to achieve what you want. So yeah, this is really all you need to become successful as a consultant, okay? So, you know, we're gonna continue on through this video in a second, but it's very straightforward, you know. You already have your current situation. You're gonna have your consulting hypothesis by the end of week one. You already have a roadmap, so I've given you the checklist of actions that you need to do, and that the plan will unfold as we go through the content. And then the action. This is the only thing (laughs), this, this is the only thing that I cannot give you that I wish, if there was some miraculous way that I could bend the laws of reality, you know, then I, I would. The only thing that I can't give you is action, which is doing the work, and, and applying the causes. I'm g- I'm going to tell you to do everything that you need to do, I, that's, that's all I can do. I wish, I wish I could do it for you, but on a mass scale, I simply can't. So, the action is up to you, I cannot control. Do the fucking work, okay? If I tell you to do something, do it. Don't put it off, don't wait till tomorrow, don't put it on a list, unless I tell you to. Just do the work. Like, I'm telling you, if you do, if you listen to these videos properly, and you do everything I tell you to do, and, you know, you let time elapse, you do it consistently and properly, and you don't get results, I, I would be perplexed. I would be very, very surprised, okay? And you'd be, you'd be completely within your right to hop on school and, you know, like, say, like, "Well, why the hell isn't this thing working?" But it should. So K, knowledge. This program will provide you with the knowledge you need. C, week two will help you get there, so character. Um, the mindset module will help you do this. This is one of the most important things. So besides doing the work, if you don't get the mindset and the foundations right, you're screwed. And then DS, desired situation. So, once again, you know, you should know what you want. If you don't, we'll cover this in week two. So there is one little tidbit that we're missing from the above explanation. There's one little thing, which is this little bad boy here, this, this little upwards-hat-looking thing. Now, I've snuck that in there. Some of you might have noticed. I haven't talked about it yet. Well, the upwards little hat thing is an exponent, and this means to the power of. So, an exponent is basically a power law. And what a power law is, is it's something that, you know, uh, amplifies the growth or, you know, the trajectory of something. And I'm gonna give you a full explanation as to how exponents work in a second here. They're very, very important to understand. Now, time is an exponent, meaning that it has, it basically is a power or has power to create huge exponential effect. Now, what time will do is it will compound all of your efforts to create huge effects in the future. And we're gonna talk about time in a lot of detail here, because this really is the most misunderstood part of the equation, okay? And we're g- this is, this is where we're gonna start to get a little bit abstract and, you know, hold onto your hats here, because I'm gonna blow your absolute mind again. Hopefully, I did it last time, okay? So yeah, time compounds stuff, and if you want to achieve your desired situation, the chances are you need a little bit of compounding to help you get there. And if you're wondering what compounding is, it's basically when, um, something's growing or something's happening, and nothing really happens at the beginning, like it's, it takes a long, long time for it to gain momentum. And then suddenly, out of nowhere, just whoosh, the thing goes crazy. Primary example that can, that will help you understand is, like, rolling a snowball down a hill with snow on it. So you, you, you, you pick up some snow. You're atop of a big hill, pick up some snow. You, you compact it into your hands. Your hands get all cold and painful, but you don't care, 'cause it's snowing and you're having fun. So you, you know, at least that's what we used to do in the UK. Never snows in the UK. So, you compact this little snowball into your hands. You put it at the top of the hill, and you start rolling the snowball down the hill. And as the snowball rolls, it picks up snow. And in the beginning, like, the snowball, it's not getting very big, 'cause it's, there's a very small surface area. But over time, gradually, and then, like, it gets a little bit bigger, a little bit bigger, and then suddenly, there's like a point of w- l- literally in physics it's called point of critical mass. And the snowball just gets massive really quickly. Like, the surface area increases, which means that it picks up more snow, which means that the surface area increases, which means it picks up more snow, and then we have this thing called amplification occur where it gets really big really quickly. But it takes a long time to get big enough to start getting big quickly. That's what an exponent does. And time is an absolutely beastly exponent. And I'm gonna show you how to use it and become a millionaire. So, okay, strap yourself in for a bit of a intellectual, abstract adventure, um, for lack of better words. So, knowledge, memory, and time. So, you know, there's a few things that we need to have to become successful, and a couple of them are knowledge and time. And the rest of them are pretty self-explanatory, so we're gonna focus there. So let's talk about knowledge and time. So, knowledge is basically really just learning and remembering what you need to know to become successful. And time is basically just, I don't know why that's in bold, time is basically the period or sequence of events that brings effect out of cause. So what is time? I mean, that's a pretty damn scary question to try and answer on the spot, but if you think critically about this, time is basically, um, it's a dimension, and what that means is it's a, it's, it's kind of, it's, it's a, it's a space that we can use to observe the world, in essence. It's a dimension, right? That's really the definition of time. And what it is, is it's basically a sequence of events. Now, we have obviously standardized time into years and days and weeks and hours and minutes and seconds, but think about this for a second. Days don't really exist.... okay? Hours don't really exist. They exist because we think they do, but there's no, you know, biological structure that is an hour. It's not real. It's not like an ocean that you can point to and be like, "Oh, that's a thing." Like, we created these, um, these words like hour, s- second, you know, et cetera, to sta- to do something called standardization, which is where you, you use words to give meaning to things. 'Cause with, imagine without, imagine not having, like, hours. Imagine not having a calendar, like, from when we used to not have a calendar until, like, th- the Romans came along and things kinda sucked before a calendar. 'Cause how are you gonna meet somebody, like, "Oh, yeah, I'll meet you when the sun is in the sky at, you know, 60 degrees"? But then you realize that 60 degrees in the measurement of an angle is also an abstraction that humans have created to make sense of the world. (laughs) So without these standardizations, we, we get into a little bit of trouble. And so time isn't hours, it's not days, it's not weeks, it's not years, that's just how we understand it and that's, that's how we perceive the dimension of time. But what time really is, is it's basically just a sequence of events, okay? Now knowledge and time, they have a pretty tricky relationship and the reason I'm explaining this to you is because there's a real big pitfall for you to watch out for, and if I don't help you watch out for it, you'll fall into it and you will fail and your business will die, okay? And it's all to do with knowledge and time. So knowledge and time, they don't get along very well, okay? They're not, th- they're in a bit of a toxic relationship, you know. Th- they kind of need each other, you know, for the, for the person, the conscious mind to manifest a, a goal, but they don't really get along, they don't like each other that much. And this is because as a human, your memory really sucks, okay? So remember, knowledge is about learning and remembering things, and the thing about memory is it gets worse with time. And so when we apply time to memory, memory gets worse and what that means is that over time, you forget things and therefore your knowledge decreases and gets worse. And so, you know... Look, remember, the entire world ticks on cause and effect, okay? And, like, you know, it, it just, that's how it works. So what's gonna happen is this. You're going to put cause to effect, but it's gonna take time for that cause to create the effect you desire. The problem is, is that as time goes on, your memory gets weaker. Now you might be thinking, "Charlie, w- why, why does that, why is that a problem? Why do I care?" Well, eventually, if you were consistent over time, you know, if you've done what you need to do, then the cause that you've done will create the effect you want. But by that point, you'll have either given up or switched to something else because it didn't work or it wasn't happening fast enough, you know, these are some pretty common ones that we can just highlight in blue. Or you won't know why it happened and just put it up to luck, fate or chaos. So let me tell you what's gonna happen. You're gonna go through the Imperium Academy, okay? And what's gonna happen is a year from now, three, four, five years from now, okay? If you, like, five years from now, if you haven't made a conscious effort to come back to these videos and to relearn and remember them, you will have forgotten them, I promise you. And if you don't believe me, if you don't believe me, then pick any non-fiction book you've ever read. Oh, no, not even that. Pick any class you ever took in high school and pick a subject and tell me, tell me 10 things you know about that subject that would've been taught in that class. You can't remember, okay? And I don't want the excuse of, "Well, I just didn't remember it 'cause it was just for an exam and I wasn't gonna use it in the real world." Like, it doesn't matter. You know, like, pick a, pick a book that you love, your favorite book ever that you've, that you've read time and time again. Maybe you haven't got one, but, you know, pick a podcast episode that you've watched over and over again, or a documentary you've watched over and over again. Like, pick that book or that documentary or whatever, or that podcast. On that, in that book, what does it say on line seven in page 123? You don't know, right? That's kinda normal, 'cause you're not gonna remember all the pages. But what if that line was really damn important? (laughs) Like, you know, you're gonna forget things. Same thing with your favorite movie. Like, what happens at 1 hour and 41 minutes and 37 seconds? Like, you probably don't know. You could give me a general answer, but if whatever happened at that, in that movie was crucial to the success of your life or crucial to a certain thing happening that you wanted to happen, then you need to remember it. And so I know that what's gonna happen with this program is if, if you're not continuously trying to remember what you've learned, you will forget it. And so what's gonna happen with a lot of people in this program, and it, I hope it won't be you, and it shouldn't be, if you're listening, um, is you're gonna go through the program and then after six months, a lot of people will have given up or they will have switched to something else. And they'll have switched to something else because they'll say, "Oh, this didn't work." Or, "It wasn't happening fast enough. Oh, I tried Charlie's consulting program and it, it didn't work for me." And then it's like, "Well, really?" Like, "Why not?" "Oh, I just, it just wasn't for me. It just, it just didn't work." It's like, "Well, what do you mean it didn't work?" Because there's other people in the program that are getting results, so this sounds like a you problem, not a program problem, right? And the other kind of person that it will happen with is, like, if they don't remember this program, then they'll be in, they'll go through the program and they might get results and then they won't remember why. They won't be able to attribute it back to the program. So th- this is very abstract, so let me give you a visual, okay? This is really important to remember. Like, if there's one thing to remember, it's this, okay? (laughs) So, look, things take time to work. This program is going to take a good year or two of consistent reminding and consistent action for you to actually become successful, okay? And I've told you this multiple times already. It's gonna take time. The work you do today won't have a true major exponential effect for many years. You're not going to see the benefit of watching this video and remembering this video and applying this video for maybe, like, five years. I mean, hell, like, 50 years. Like, you're not gonna really see any absolutely, you know, multimillionaire, billionaire level nine-figure plays probably for 20 years. You know, maybe 15, 20, 30 years. But even, like, getting to six figures, like, you're not gonna see that happen for, like, maybe 6 months, 12 months, 24 months, 36 months. Like, well, no, tha- that's way too long. 6, 12 months, 18 months probably, okay? So for example, you know, the one cause that got me to where I am now was quitting my apprenticeship and starting my own business. So there was one little action I took, you know, nearly eight years ago now, seven years ago, and that action has compounded over time and got to the point where I'm now making $10 million a year. Just one little action, butterfly effect style. One small thing. But I'm now making $10 million a year and the good news is that I can remember, you know, what made me, what made that happen. But a lot of people, they don't remember the things that got them to where they want to be and this gets them into trouble. So I know that right now, this might not make complete sense to you and this might seem really weird and you might be thinking, "Well, how the hell, like, why, why is this gonna happen?" It will all become clear in a second, I promise. So look, here's how effect works over time, okay? So this is obviously an expon- exponential diagram, you should kind of be familiar with this at least somewhat. It disappears everywhere in life. So we have effect on this axis and time on this axis. So we have the cause here, which is something happening, okay? Like, me quitting my apprenticeship or you starting this program, and then we have the effect. So the effect isn't that big for a long time. Like, this is snowball down the hill stuff, like, that snowball's not gonna be very big near the beginning. It's gonna take a long, long, long, long time, you know, 80% of- ... of this- this time-based diagram is just very slow, slow growth. Painful slow growth, excruciating growth. And then suddenly, bang, outta nowhere, we hit this point of critical mass, feedback loop kicks in, which I'll explain later, and we have this wild effect. And so, we know that effects- causes take a lot of time to effect. This is called latency, okay? It's delay. Causes take a lot of time to do this. Like, this program, you know, you're not gonna see great results. It's like, I'm a month into doing it and it's not- it's not really working. Like, this is what happens with these people who either give up or they switch to, like, dropshipping or OnlyFans management agencies, God forbid. (laughs) You know, um, it's up to you what you do, but you know, swiftly moving on, like, people that m- (laughs) move on to like, "Oh, I'm gonna start an Amazon FBA business," or, "I'm gonna start, like, video editing. I'm gonna do this," or, "I'm- I'm- I wanna, like, get into sales or whatever." I don't know. Like, people switch and people change, and really what they're doing is they're giving up. And what they're doing is they're giving up during this point here because they think that it's not working. Because the cause is just taking a lot of time to build momentum to go voosh. And, you know, 99% of people, they give up before this little thing happens because they didn't have the patience, the foresight, or the wisdom to understand that the cause just needs a little bit of time to cook. And sometimes that little bit of time can be m- many months or many years. Like I've said, like, you're not gonna see 10K a month next month. I mean, some of you will, like, the odd person will just come through and- and break the paradigm and just crush it, but for most of you it's gonna take, like, a good year or two of consistent painful work, building, building, building, building, building. And then something will click and you'll hit a point of critical mass, like a certain client or a certain milestone, and then bang, like, it'll fly up. Now, why- why the hell are we talking about memory, then, if it's about effect? Well, let's plot memory over time. So, on this axis we have memory, on this axis we have time. And then we have the cause, and then we have forget. So, you know, we've got cause and effect, but we've also got cause and forget. And so what this means is that in the, you know, in the short term, like, in the immediate short term, um, your memory is really good and your recall is very high. But human memory is pretty terrible in the long term. As time elapses, we tend to forget things. And if you don't believe me, n- you know, what were you doing when you were seven on the 18th of June? Uh, pfft, I don't know. Like, what was the name- what was the first name of your maths teacher in school, in primary school or elementary school? 'Cause you would know it. Like, someone would've, you know, said, like, "Helen, can you pass me the, you know, the binders?" (laughs) And y- but you can't remember, right? Maybe you can. Maybe- maybe you can. But this is an example, right? What did you eat for dinner three Wednesdays ago? You- once again, you probably don't remember, okay? And it's cause and forget. And so what happens is our memory gets exponentially worse over time. And so, you know, today you learn this stuff in the Imperium Academy, and tomorrow you'll rem- I mean, you're gonna remember it real damn well. Maybe for the next week or two, couple of weeks, maybe a couple of months, it's gonna- you're gonna remember it. It's gonna be fresh in your mind and you'll be remembering it and it'll- everything will be good, and you'll be acting it out and you'll be getting success and getting what you want. But then pretty damn quickly, outta nowhere, like voosh, you forget it. Like, just bang, gone, forgotten. And then, you know, by the time you get here, you've completely forgotten it. Like, think about this for a second, man, like, woman, person, like, everything you've ever learned, you've forgotten 99.99999% of it. 'Cause to remember everything would be absolutely insane. You- you'd be- like, to consciously be able to recall every single moment of your life would be... I don't know, that just does not- it's not really possible. I mean, maybe it is, I don't know. But that just doesn't make sense, right? So, what you need to learn to do in life is find the things that you need to remember that are really damn important and just never forget them, never let go of them. You know, like your girlfriend's birthday, for example. (laughs) That's a pretty big one. Don't- don't you dare forget that, 'cause trust me, I've done it before. It's not a good- doesn't end well, okay? So anyway, memory gets worse with time, uh, could probably explain to my ex-girlfriend, um, I mean, clue's in the name now, it's ex, right? Could explain to my ex-girlfriend about how memory works exponentially over time, but don't think she'd be that interested, um, as to my excuses. But anyway, so memory gets worse with time and effect gets better with time. So, Charlie, what the hell? Why do I care, right? Well, now we can see a problem. Because if we plot these two things together, we can see a problem emerge. So, on this axis we have memory and obviously effect. Memory is represented by the blue line, effect is represented by the red line. And for those of you that h- have some intelligence in between your ears, which most of you do, I think, and will, um, you should be able to pretty immediately understand what this graph means and why it's a problem. Okay? What this means is that, like, so- you do something. You start a business, or you do something with the anticipation of making something happen in the future. And you do it and it starts to curve up, and you start to see the effect you want. And then bang, suddenly you're here. But at the start you remember what you were doing, but then after a while you forget what you did. And so, like, this is why people get confused in their life. Like, your life right now is the sum aggregate of every decision you've ever made. Like, life to you seems chaotic and out of control. You're like, "Oh, why the hell am I- why do I have these problems and curse this damn universe, and screw you God. Like, life sucks. Like, well, I don't know why I am where I am." But all that's happened is you've just forgotten what you did. So, let me explain with an example. So today, let's say you make 200 cold calls. In five months' time... So you call 200 random clients to try and get them as clients. And then in five months' time some random dude-... e-mails you out of nowhere asking him- asking you to sign up as a client and you being you, you forget that this is a guy you cold-called. You don't remember his e-mail, you don't remember his name obviously, 'cause it was five months ago and you made 200 of them on that day. And so this guy e-mails you and you attribute this to luck, or worse, you attribute it to something else you did. (laughs) Thus forgetting what brought you the success in the first place. So when we do things that get us what we want, when we- when- by the time we've got what we wanted, we forget what we did. And so we- (laughs) we tend to not repeat what got us what we wanted, because we've forgotten that it got us that in the first place. And the same thing is true with bad things that happen to you, okay? So let's say right now you're overweight. Or let's- let's- let's, for example, let's say that you're in a really bad spot with a relationship, okay? And this is like an exponential effect, so it's- i- in the beginning your relationship was kinda sucky, it wasn't that bad, but it was just getting gradually worse. And then voosh, like i- exponentially your relationship just suddenly got really bad in the course of a month, right? Well, something happened years ago or months ago in their relationship that started off this chain of events to go exponential. And so you're here for a reason. Everything happens for a reason. Not in the woo-woo, live life love, you know, um, maternal saying that girls use and- and some guys use to justify why things happen to them. Things happen for a reason because of cause and effect. And so if you're in a p- terrible place in your relationship right now, it's because of something that happened, something you did, or something they did, or something that happened that you didn't address. But you're now in this position where you- you're living this effect, but you can't remember what the hell- (laughs) what the hell you did wrong or what they did wrong, or what happened that you didn't, you know, resolve, right? So I wanna set your expectations. This program might take a good year or two before you start seeing real results. And the thing is, is like if you don't remember to go back through the foundations and the mindset training, like when you start seeing the results, you're gonna have forgotten why you got them in the first place, and the really, like the real results like getting to seven figures, becoming a millionaire, it's gonna take like five to seven years, four, five, six, seven, eight years before you become a millionaire with this stuff. And like I can tell you now that this training program, if you see it through and you're consistent, will be the- the- the first action that creates the exponential effect of you becoming a millionaire. But because you becoming a millionaire isn't gonna happen for goddamn seven years, by the time you get there, you'll have completely ... well, maybe you won't have, you shouldn't have, 'cause I'm telling you not to forget this. But by the time you get there, you'll have forgotten like it was this information that got you there, and then, you know, you need to remember. So the best most successful people, they remember what causes, created the effect that they have or that they wanted. And so it's very imperative you remember this, 'cause this is how we get into trouble as humans, is we do things today and, you know, they- they- they compound over time, and then we move into the future, you know, through time, this dimension of time, and then we have a certain outcome, whether good or bad, and we have no idea where it came from because we forgot what the hell we did to get it in the first place. Okay? Like, you know, memory gets worse, gradually ... Memory gets exponentially worse over time and effects get exponentially better or, you know, increase over time So if you do something now, you know, you remember what it is now, that you'll be fresh in your memory, but this is why people give up, right? Because like let's say that you- you- you start- you're starting your consulting business and let's say that up to here represents the first six months before, you know, let's say, f- a couple of months before you get your first client. Like you're gonna start to make a little bit of progress in your consulting business, just a tiny bit, small bit of progress. Ah, you're gonna get to here, you're gonna be like, "Ah," like, "Ah, it's not, it's not working for me. Like I've been doing, I've been in the same niche for four months and I haven't got a client yet." Or, you know, "I've been doing this for six months, I've only got two clients. I'm only making like $3,000 a month. I thought I was gonna be doing 10K a month by now." And then like, you know, you're just not giving it the time to cause, to- to create the effect. And what's- what's worse is that like if it does start to work really quickly is you're gonna forget why. (laughs) So you have to remember this graph, okay? So fast results with this program are possible and you should gun for fast results, but they should not be expected. If you expect to become wildly successful in the next few months or by June when it's April, you're setting yourself up for failure and it does not work. So a lot of people do this where like, you know, they'll come into a program like this and they'll say, "Oh, I wanna be s- I wanna be making 10K a month by," and then they'll- they'll pick a date that's like two or three months away If that's you, I'm- I don't wanna call you an idiot, because I know you- you just want the best thing for yourself, but you're being an idiot. Okay? Like you should gun for fast results and you should want to try and get results quickly, but you want to stop trying to do it in like the next month or two months 'cause it's just not gonna happen, man, because everything happens like this, okay? It's gonna take, you know, it's like one month, two months, three months, four months, five months, seven months, eight months, bang. One year, suddenly I'm making like, you know, multi-six figures. Wait, why is that happening? I can't remember. (laughs) You know? Oh yeah, it was the foundations and the mindset training. If you want to know what th- like the biggest thing is with this, it's gonna be the, um, foundations training, the- this- this week, um, and then the mindset training. So week one and week two, and probably week three as well with the, uh, with the expertise training. Like this whole program, like do not make the mistake of thinking this is a watch and done thing, especially the mindset training. The mindset training that I used to do when I was becoming successful at the very beginning, I revisit still every three months, and I'm not joking. It's like 20 hours of training, and- and books and stuff that I ha- I reread continuously. Like one- one thing I work- I use to work on my mindset is Discourses by Epictetus. It's a book by a stoic philosopher transcribed by, um, a historian called Arrian. And I read, I- I read that book once every six months and I have done for the last probably 10 years now, because God, I do not want to forget it. I would rather learn the right thing and not forget it than try and learn a bunch of new stuffLike, once you have what you need, which is what this program is, you don't need to learn more stuff. Like, learning is procrastination a lot of the time, okay? Like, don't get me wrong, you always wanna be learning, you wanna be finding new things, but this program gives you everything. So, stop trying to learn all this crazy stuff, stop reading 50 books and listening to 20 podcasts. Just find th- the right stuff and just remember it, and that's how I've always operated. Throughout my business career, I've had one mentor, one single point of knowledge, and that mentor's programs and resources, um, they haven't been updated for years now. And I go back to them, and I rewatch them, and I remember them, and obviously I can translate it to you guys. So, this is with the mindset training. So, what's gonna happen is, and I can predict this very well, and then I'll move on, I promise, 'cause I'm rambling, I'm rambling on about this, but it's very important. You're gonna go through the foundational modules. You're gonna go through the mindset training. That's gonna give you a massive heap of motivation. You're gonna have a huge wave of discipline, a huge heap of motivation. You're gonna start becoming an expert, you're gonna start reaching out to clients, doing sales calls, and maybe signing a couple of clients. Then what's gonna start to happen is over time you'll, you're gonna kind of fall off a little bit and falter, and that's because you're gonna have forgotten the mindset training. The mindset training is the catalyst for you to become successful, 'cause it's gonna give you that massive spike of motivation and that massive spike of, "I can do this," that encouragement, right? And you need to go back to the mindset training, which is the week two training and probably these videos as well, every three months. Promise me, like, every three months until it's drilled into you, until you no longer taper off, you have to go back and rewatch all this stuff, okay? And the mindset training's in, in the next week, in the Self Transcendence Mindset Training, week two. So, the chances are, is you've tried things before to become successful and make money online. So, maybe this isn't your first rodeo. Maybe you've tried something else before Imperium Academy, and the chances are is that it didn't work, otherwise you wouldn't be here. And you're gonna be telling yourself things like, "Oh, it didn't work for me," or, "That niche didn't work," or, "That business didn't work." Like, you know, or maybe you've tried dropshipping before, right? Or maybe you've tried any o- any of these other online business models and it didn't work. And so, you know, you're like, "Oh, it didn't work for me." Th- or, "That niche doesn't work," or, "That business just sucks, doesn't work." Well, here's some harsh truth. First of all, it didn't work for you. You are the problem. Telling me that it didn't work, like, you know, people say this where, like, "Well, I've tried this business model and it doesn't work." I'm like, "Why doesn't it work?" They're like, "Well, I didn't get results." It's like, well, somebody else got results, so it's a you problem, right? The second thing is it didn't work in the ridiculously short time period you gave it. Ah, the, you know, the, the, the, the restaurant niche, it just sucks, it doesn't work. Well, how long were you in the restaurant niche for? "Oh, I tried it for three months." Like, dude, try it for a year. (laughs) Like, you know? 'Cause this i- this is the thing, it's like, it takes time. Like, the first three months, you're not gonna see anything. The first six months, nothing. Maybe you will, maybe you'll be, you know, crazy about it and you'll get ... Like, it's possible. We've had people in Easy Grow go from zero to, like, 50K a month in three months. But most of you, it won't. And then also, you just didn't give it the time it needed to create the effect. You put a cause into motion, and you cut it off before it could create the effect. You heathen. Give it time, okay? So, you need to be reminded, um... Oop, just wanna format this properly. So, you need to be reminded way more than you need to be taught, okay? Your life is the sum of every decision and action you've ever made or taken, okay? But up until now, you didn't realize because you've just forgotten what you did. And the lesson here is to stick to it, okay? This is why I'm telling you this, is I'm just making, I'm imploring you to stick to this thing. Stick to the training, stick to the business model, stick to the niche that you pick, stick to the problem you try and solve, et cetera. You must give these variables and decisions time. It only works with time. The real issue that you're all gonna have is you're all impatient as fuck. You're all on short-form content. You're all addicted to junk food. You're addicted to gaming and pornography and, you know, self-improvement as well is another addiction, whether you like it or not. It's a good one though, I suppose. But, like, you, chances are you have some weird behaviors and addictions that have wired your brain for instant gratification, and the definition of business is delayed gratification. Like, right now, your brain expects everything you do to provide immediate dopaminergic r- reward instantaneously, and if you've, if you're the kind of person that's been playing video games, or if you're the kind of person that's been watching short-form content, or eating junk food, or playing, like, just doing stupid stuff, like, your, your brain, it can't tell the difference between business and a video game, or it can't tell the difference between business and TikTok. It's a universal comprehension mechanism, which means that it will expect immediate instantaneous reward from everything you do. And that's fine, but you just need to be aware of it. Like, first of all, cut those behaviors out, man. But, like, it, it's so hard to stick to things that aren't giving you immediate dopaminergic reward, because e- you're used to getting that everywhere. So, this is why these behaviors are so damaging and they really, they really hurt you and your business success, because they stop you from sticking to things. And it's not, it's no wonder why, like, y- you, let's say you spent the last, like, I don't know, like, s- let's say that right now you're 20 years old, and let's say that you got a gaming computer and a phone when you were 14. You've spent the last six years conditioning your brain to instant gratification and immediate reward, and what that means is that everything you do, you expect, you expect it to happen right now. And so, you know, you pick a niche and you pick a problem, and then you get to work, and then two months elapses and you haven't got a client yet, and there's problems and it's painful, and then you're like, "Oh, this sucks. I'm gonna switch." And you go and pick something else, and then you do this... And then two months elapses, and then it's not working, and then you... And all, all you guys are doing is just hopping between business models, niches and problems, and you're not giving the universe the time it needs to compound the effect that you want. Like, you're putting the cause into motion by picking and deciding and getting to work, but every time you switch niche, every time you switch business model, every time you change the problem you're trying to solve, you reset the cause back to zero. And this is why no one is successful in this day and age, because we've wired our brains to instant, immediate dopaminergic gratification and we cannot comprehend that it doesn't work like that in business. Okay? Really, really, really important. So, I wanna give you a couple of action items here, okay? So, what I want you to do right now, um, I'm just gonna bring this up. What I want you to do right now is a couple of things. First of all, I want you to schedule in your calendar, so if you haven't got a calendar you should get one, Google Calendar or something like that. Schedule a rewatch of the foundations week and the mindset week three months from now, and have that schedule reoccur every three months until you hit your goal. This is, honestly, like, because I'm g- I'm giving you what you need, and I'm going to continue to give you what you need. But if you forget it, it doesn't matter. The only way you're going to stop forgetting it, the only way I'm gonna stop you from forgetting it, is by you rewatching it over and over again. And so, what I want you to do now is this. Schedule it, okay? You, I promise you, if you do not do this, if you do not schedule this in and actually do it, because I'm telling you to do something here and you need to do it, if you don't do this, then you will forget what you learn. It's inev- ... edible. Like, every piece of information that enters your mind and your memory has what, what scientists would call a half-life, which means it degrades over time. And if you don't top it up and remember it until it becomes part of you and your identity, then you're done for. And if you don't like, if you forget what you learn, then you're gonna quit, and you're gonna switch, and you're gonna make this fatal mistake. Right now, this makes sense to you. Right now, you get it. You see it clearly, and you know you, you're, "I'm not gonna make this mistake. I'm gonna stick to it. I'm gonna do what Charlie says." But remember, like, this is information and right now it's very strong in your memory. Six months from now, you'll have forgotten it, okay? (laughs) And when you come back to watch these videos every three months, it will completely perplex you as to how much you've forgotten and how much you had to remember. And I still do this with certain videos from, from, um, from Sam, my mentor. I'll still go back and watch old videos that, that I forgot and I'm like, "Shit, how the hell did I forget this?" I've been watching this video every, every mon- every three months for like seven years now, and I still forget it, you know? So the second thing, second action item is to print this off and pin it up above your workspace and do not forget it. So what I've done here is create a little screenshot (laughs) that says, "Remember to remember." If there's one thing to remember, it's to remember, okay? So this is available in the resources section, um, to download. If you can't see it there, obviously it's on the, um, PDF. It will be available in the resources section as well, um, which is obviously Six Figure Fusion. You know, take a screenshot, download this, whatever, and then just print it off, um, in color if you can. If not, don't worry. Or if you haven't got a printer, then put this, um, on your desktop background, okay? Like put it on your computer background and never forget this, please. I know I've just spent the last like, I don't know, God knows how many minutes rambling about the same thing over and over again. It's, but it's for a reason, all right? (laughs) So don't put these on a to-do list and, and tell yourself you'll do them later. Don't be an idiot, right? Don't, don't be like, "Oh yeah, I'll, I'll, I'll print this off in a minute and then I'll rewatch. I'll schedule this later," 'cause you won't. All right? So yeah, if you, um, like pause the video right now. If you haven't got a printer, then put this thing on your, your desktop background or maybe do both. Probably do both. And if you haven't got a calendar, then go and create one, Google Calendar, and ev- put, put in an event every three months, you know, and schedule it out for like a whole day to rewatch week one and week two of the Imperium Academy. And I know you haven't even watched week two yet, but I know that when you do, like, that will change your life, but you have to remember. Like, this is the, this is the quote, and then I'll move on, I promise. "Information can only change your life for as long as you remember it." Okay? So that's that. So okay, now that we've moved on from that ramble, (laughs) exponential distribution. Why are some people extremely rich, but others extremely poor? Why does the top 1% of people own 50% of wealth in the world? Why do the rich get richer and the poor get poorer? Like, you've heard this quote before, right? That the rich get richer. You've heard the, you know, top 1%, they own half the world. Well, why? Why is the distribution of everything so unfair and biased towards a small group? Like, and more importantly, what can we do about it? Because if we know that the top 1% owns, you know, 50% of the, of the we- of the wealth in the world, like how do we join them? And I can tell you, being in this is pretty damn cool, you know? So let's talk about it. Why is it the case that some sportspeople are Olympic gold medalists, but others are just normal amateurs? Like, the difference between like Michael Jordan and you, like let's say that you're, you've been playing basketball for a year and you kind of, you're all right at basketball, but then you take Michael Jordan like in his heyday. Like, the difference is like night and day. It's like you're not even a basketball player anymore. Like, why is it that some artists are world class whilst others can't make a living? Why is it that some people are billionaires, but other people are thousands of dollars in debt? Why do some consultants get incredible results, but others mediocre? Like, you know, why does this happen? In other words, why are some people great and others just average, good, or bad? Well, if you want to become great and you want to become wildly rich and successful, then we need to kind of answer this question, because if you don't know what makes great, then you're either gonna be average, good, or bad And good isn't even that good. It's just, you know, you're gonna, like, like most people think that like good is like 100 grand a year. Like, that's considered a very, very good salary for most people. Um, by the way, I apologize if you can hear my squeaky chair squeaking in the background. Um, but anyway, moving on. So like people think that, people think that 100 grand a month, uh, 100 grand a year is good. And like sure, it is compared to most people, but like, I mean, I, I've made like 100 grand in a day before and like it's possible, I can tell you that. So why would you wanna make 100 grand a month, or 100 grand a, a, 100 grand a year when you could make 100 grand a month or 100 grand a day? Like, you know, there's a big difference between great and good. And maybe you're happy with 100 grand a year, like that's absolutely fine. Like if that's what your goal is and, you know, which it probably is right now, like that's, it's a lot of money and you can do, you can live a very, very happy life with that. But there's some people that make like 100 grand a minute. Like, I heard this statistic once that Bill Gates, if he dropped $1,000 on the floor, he wouldn't bother to pick it up because in the time that he had like gone down to pick it up, he would've made that $1,000 back. And this was obviously when Microsoft's sto- stock was soaring, right? But you get the point. So this is how it works. Like, 80% of people, you know, get 20% of the results and 20% of people get 80% of the results. Like, why the hell does this happen, you know? People think this is unfair. And, you know, a lot of people, as I'm sure you've seen on social media these days, they complain about the mega-rich owning everything. They, they're like, "Oh, tax the rich," and, you know, like, "The rich get richer," and like, "Screw rich people," like, "Mr. Burns this," and, "Mr. Burns that," you know, from The Simpsons. This evil dude that's like really rich and stuff. Like, a lot of people think that, like financial, um, and economic inequality is unfair, and I understand whyBut to figure this out, we need to understand the 80/20 principle. This is also known as the Pareto principle. Now, the 80/20 principle is basically a universal phenomenon. Um, you might have heard of it before. Brownian intelligence points if you have. But it's a universal intelligence... Oh, there we go. It's a universal phenomenon, not a universal intelligence, whereby 80% of effects come from 20% of the causes. So, this is also known as the vital few effect, but basically the Pareto principle, um, creates an unequal relationship between inputs and outputs. And the Pareto principle basically explains why this happens, why things go exponential, and why life is so unfair, at least in the, in the human eyes. So some examples. So 80% of wealth is owned by 20% of people, and 80% of customers buy from 20% of businesses. 80% of traffic can be found on 20% of the roads. 80% of food is produced by 20% of farmers. 80% of work is done by 20... I mean, you get the point, right? News coverage, you know, 80% of the news coverage is based on 20% of the world's events. 80% of financial hatred is attributed to 20% of the billionaires. There's a lot of billionaires in the world, but there's only like a select few of them that get any hatred, right? 80% of your wardrobe is worn 20% of the time, you know? And then the same thing, like 80% of Earth's population lives in 20% of the countries, and 80% of the country's population lives in 20% of the states, in like the US for example. And 80% of the population of a state will live in 20% of the cities inside the state, and, and so on, right? So this occurs everywhere. Wherever there's like an input and an output or a cause and effect, like at least one that we can measure numerically, like for example, you know, 80% of the traffic jams occur during 20% of the daytime. So, you know, between like 8:00 AM and 9:00 AM, which is when everyone's going to work, and between 5:00 PM and 6:00 PM when everyone's leaving work, that's like, you know, two hours a day. That's what, like, 10, 20% of the day where 80 or 90% of the traffic's gonna happen. And this occurs everywhere. And like, why does this happen? Wh- why is cause and effect... Why is it unfair? (laughs) Like, you know, why do, why do some people get filthy rich and other people are filthy poor? Like wh- why does that happen, right? Well, it happens in nature too, because in the natural world, 80% of the fish live in 20% of the oceans, or at least species wise. And in a forest you'll find that 80% of the sunlight is absorbed by 20% of the plants. You know, the ones that are at the top. And, you know, in, um, in like a gorilla colony or any sort of, you know, group species that lives together, 80% of the mates or the females will go to 20% of the males. And you know, not to be too controversial, but this is kind of the same thing with humans, right? 80% of the food is consumed by 20% of the species. You know, 80% of health issues are experienced by 20% of people. So I'm sure you know, like maybe one person and they just seem to be riddled with every single health issue under the sun. Like where there's one, there's many. Like, what the hell's going on here? 80% of the rain in the world falls in 20% of the countries. And my favorite example, which was actually found by Pareto, the guy who came up with this theory, he had like some pea pods in his garden and he found that 80% of the peas that he could yield from his garden came from 20% of the pods. And the other thing that he observed that the actual story is he was doing like a analysis on the land ownership in Italy 'cause he's Italian, and he found that like 20% of like, um, people, like landlords owned 80% of the land And then he just, he just started seeing this thing everywhere. And it really is everywhere. Like this is like a law, it's like a force of nature, okay? Like twe- I can guarantee right now that you guys watching this program, 80% of the results we get in this program will come from 20% of the, of the people who go through it. And, you know, let, let's all, let me just pray that you are one of those 20, 20%, which I'm sure you will be. So complaining about the mega rich owning a disproportionate amount of wealth is like complaining that a certain ocean has more biodiversity than the rest. I- it's just nature, okay? So I know people think it's unfair, and I know people get mad about the rich getting richer and the poor getting poorer, but it's just the way the world works. Like it doesn't matter how offended you get or how badly your ego is damaged, getting upset at this is just like getting upset at like a lion eating a hi- um, a gazelle. Like getting angry about that. Like, "Oh fuck, that lion like eating that..." Like what did that gazelle do to that lion? Like, it's just nature. It's just the way the world works. And you know, you might not like it. Maybe, maybe you hate this premise like the rich get richer and the poor get poorer. Maybe you think it's evil to, you know, accumulate money. And if you do, then you're in trouble because, well, you're never gonna make it because behaving out of alignment with something you believe to be true is very tough. But, you know, maybe you think that's not fair. Maybe you think that people should be more equal and like m- money should be more distributed equally And maybe you think that communism's a good idea, and I mean that's a whole rabbit hole we're not getting into 'cause I'm not going there. But you get the point, right? It's nature. You know, we are biological machines. Like, you know, we like to think that we're all developed and stuff as humans, but really we're just an extension of nature, and our economic machine, which is basically our... the economy, is a manifestation of the natural world. Like the economy kind of works the same way that like a jungle does. Like you've got competition, you've got supply and demand. You know, you've got, um, you've got scarce resources, you've got all sorts of things that, you know, you'd see in like a jungle or a forest or a certain microbiome. They're gonna... Th- the same laws that govern that biome or that jungle or that environment naturally will seep over into the way the economy works and the way that we make money. So it's the same. So imagine complaining that 20% of countries get 80% of the rainfallLike, ah, this rainfall system is corrupt and, you know, the rainfall matrix is out to get us, and the rainfall system is rigged. I demand high rainfall countries move their borders so low country- low rainfall countries get more rainfall. Like, complaining about the rich getting richer and the poor getting poorer, like it's- it's the same thing. Li- like, I, and I know that you could make the argument like, "Ah, yeah, but there must be a way to fix it." It's like, yeah sure, you and whose army? What? Stalin's? (laughs) That's not gonna go very well, millions and millions and millions of people are gonna die. And that's what happened in Communist Russia and Mao's China. Like, we've tried to level out in the nine- in the, in the 20th century, we've tried to level out financial equality and it's resulted in the deaths of tens of millions of people. Because you can't fight nature. You just can't, okay? Stupid. So when a phenomenon such as this, the 80/20 principle, is so common and apparent literally everywhere, it means that there must be a natural law somewhere to explain it. So there's a law, there's a rule, and if we can uncover this rule and understand it and line ourselves up with the way the natural world wants to manifest, then goddamn, we can do some damage. We can really, you know, achieve some success here. There's no point in getting angry at 80/20, you can't beat it. Like don't waste your energy, like getting angry at the 80/20 principle is like getting angry at a rock. You're not gonna change anything. (laughs) Like, the rock doesn't care about you or your feelings, so like you can't, like it's not gonna change. You know, and that's sure, you can like throw it and try and break it and stuff, but besides the point. You can't beat 80/20, you can't beat it, nor can you demand that the world change for you, but you can use it and join the winning side. So if you're the kind of person that has always complained about the rich getting richer, you know, like yeah, they do, and you can either be bitter about it and complain and do nothing, or you can just get rich. And then you can use that money that you've made to give to charity and, you know, help poor people. Th- this is something that I just do not understand with this argument, like the rich get richer, yes they do, so figure out how to get rich. And if you really care about poor people, get rich so you can help them. That's how you help them because any other way is not gonna work because you're fighting actual law of nature. (laughs) It'd be, it's just like, it's the same thing as trying to fight natural selection. You can't. Like you, "Oh, I wanna stop evolution. I wanna stop gravity." Like you can't, you have to behave in alignment with these things, no matter how much they upset you. "I'm offended at this gravity thing." Like, do you know, like if I, if I jump off this building, I'll die. Like this gravity system is corrupt. I demand that gravity is removed. Like you wouldn't say that about gravity 'cause that's just stupid, and the same thing is true with the 80/20 rule, and just because there's some emotional dregs attached to the application of making money doesn't make me wrong. So feedback loops, like why on earth does this happen? How can there be such a massive discrepancy between input and output? Why is it so asymmetric? Like how does this happen? What the hell's going on here? Well, it's all about feedback loops. So cause creates effect, and when the effect of a cause feeds back on itself, um, to create more cause that caused it, then there is more cause causing more effect again and again on repeat, and this is a feedback loop. So the cause creates the effect, the effect then feeds back on itself to create the cause, and because we created more cause, we create more effect, and this thing spirals and spirals and spirals And when this happens, a feedback loop is present. So p- with time, this loop compounds and basically flywheels, is another word for it, creating some truly extraordinary and unbelievable results. This is why life isn't fair, okay? This is why the rich get richer, it's just feedback loops, because the more money you have, the more money you can make, and the more money that you can make and that you do make, the more money you have, which means the more money you can make. And then that just, it just cycles round and round. So let's, let's go through some examples. So an example of a feedback loop would be you're, let's say you go to a comedy club and the comedian finishes their, um, their skit and they finish their, their talk and one s- person starts clapping, and then because one person starts clapping, someone else starts clapping, and then because someone else started clapping, somebody else starts clapping, and it s- loops around until everyone's clapping. And then everyone's clapping, and then someone sits down and stops clapping, and then somebody else next to them sits down and stops clapping, and then because that person sat down, somebody else does, and then because that person did again, somebody else does and then bang, and then suddenly everyone stops clapping. And then the same thing is true with, you know, getting fit. So let's say you start working out. Well, the more you work out, the more you're going to want to eat clean because otherwise it feels like a waste, and the more you eat clean, the more you're gonna want to work out because otherwise it feels like a waste And so you work out and you eat clean, and because you're eating clean, you're working out more, and because you're working out more, you're eating cleaner, and then this thing just cycles. And the same thing is true with getting fat. So if you skip workouts then you're more likely to eat bad because you're like, "Well, I didn't go to the gym today, so what's the point in eating my 150 grams of protein? There's not much point." And then because you ate bad, you skip the next workout, and then because you skipped the next workout, you eat bad again, and then it just flywheels, in circles and cycles and cycles. The same thing happened, um, with COVID, CO- COVID-19, you know? So one person gets COVID and then another person gets COVID because that person got COVID, and then because that person got COVID, another person gets it, and then it just, it just f- cycles round into a vicious amplification loop. And this is how COVID just came outta nowhere and went bang, exponential, you know, started slow then bang. And then the same thing is true with how COVID went away, you know, or, or sort of how the infection rate died down. You know, where, um, you know, where basically we were like, "Okay, we'll do social distancing so this virus can't spread," so there was less contact which meant less infections, and because there was less infections as a result of less contact, then we s- we continued to social distance, and the more we continued to social distance, the less infections there were, and so the governments just continued to mandate, you know, um, being locked in your house. I mean, I'm not getting into the political argument there, but you know, they, they mandated the, the lockdowns and stuff, right? And the more they mandate the lockdowns, the less infections there were, and so the more the government locked us down, the more, the less infections until eventually like, you know, well, you know what happened. It apparently went away, um, and there was so little infections that we, um, we felt it was safe to go back outside and stuff Um, and it's up to you to form your political judgment on COVID. I'm not, I couldn't really care less to be honest, but you get the point, right? So things get... Things can spike up and then spike down. So positive feedback loops, um, also known as amplification mechanisms, um, they basically cause things to quickly exponentially spike and then quickly spike down just as fast as they spiked up. And it's kinda like this, right? So what happens is, um, is it's an exponential loop, right? So at the beginning it's really slow, it's really slow, really slow, really slow, and then it's, because of all these things are feeding back on each other, at a certain point, point of critical mass, it just goes bang, it explodes. So one person starts clapping, second person starts clapping, then you've got four people clapping, then you've got eight, then you've got like, you know, maybe then you've got like 10 people, and then you've got like 15, and then because 15 people are clapping, suddenly 30 people start clapping, and then suddenly the whole room's clapping, like real quick. And then, you know, up here, like a hundred people clapping. One person stops, you know, and then suddenly like three people stop, and then suddenly like, you know, all the, and then bang, bang, bang, and it just goes down. You know? So nothing can grow exponentially forever. Even the universe itself, which is exponentially growing by the second as per the theory, will eventually stop growing and contract and shrink, and it will shrink exponentially, right? And if you don't beli Believe me, well, you can look into this. Not to give you too much of an existential crisis, but the heat death of the universe, also known as the Big Chill, which I think is one of the coolest scientific theory names I've ever heard in my life. (laughs) But, you know, the heat death of the universe is basically, um, is a theory that, uh, explains that, like, the universe is eventually gonna expand so much that it won't be able to anymore because nothing can grow forever. It's kind of like an observable rule. Um, now fortunately enough, we're not gonna be around and neither will any of our descendants for this, but it's true, so we don't have to worry about it. Now, the same is true with wealth, economic growth, countries, empires, companies, brands, et cetera. Everything that grows exponentially, with enough time applied, will contract and shrink just as fast as it grew. For example, you know, the graphs below show the gr- um, the growth and decline of the Roman and British Empires based on land mass or number of countries ruled. You'll find this phenomenon everywhere, right? So, you know, for example, we've got the Roman Empire here, um, based on square kilometers or square miles of land mass, and we can see, you know, uh, minus 500, you know, um, BC and then, you know, the Republic sort of starts around here, for any of you familiar with the Roman Empire. And then, you know, around the time of sort of Julius Caesar and Pompeii and Augustus, you know, we, we have this big, old spike, big, old spike. And then, you know, we get, like, different emperors in, like Trajan or Hadrian or whatever and, um, you know, then Vespasian. And then suddenly, like, it kind of flattens off a little bit, and then bang, we just see this really quick decline. So what went up really quickly, comes down pretty much just as fast. And then the same thing is true with the British Empire. So British Empire starts in, you know, 1600s and, um, you know, it kind of grows and grows and grows and grows. And then we have, like, around the time of the Napoleonic Wars, like around, um, around here, and then just huge quick spike, you know, all the way up until, you know, World War II. And then suddenly after World War II, like, maybe 20 years later, just bang, just straight, straight down. Like what went up really quickly, went down way, way faster. And this is feedback loops, right? So with the British Empire, for example, like, you know, one colony rebels and, you know, gains their freedom from the British Empire, right? And then that rumor spreads to another colony and then they rebel because another person rebelled, and then it just gets out of control. Now, you might then ask, "Well, what's the point in even trying?" (laughs) But my point is that, like, all of these graphs, it takes hundreds or thousands of years for anything to happen. So in your lifetime, you can build exponential wealth, that's fine, but your wealth is attached to an economic machine that in 500 years or 1,000 years or 200 years or whatever, will very likely contract and, you know, fall apart. Like, the United States of America is another example. Like, the growth of the United States of America and the growth of the economy, it doesn't last forever. Like, if the universe is going to die, then so will the USA and so will the UK and so will all of these Russia, China, all these countries eventually die. Now, fortunately enough, we don't have to concern ourselves with any of this because, like, it's all, like, the USA is only, like, 200 years old or whatever, so, you know, it's, it's gonna be fine. Like, don't worry and I don't wanna give you too much of a crisis here. Let's just stay focused on making money, but I'm making this point that, like, what goes up really quickly, usually comes down really quickly. And the same thing is true with, um, people that suddenly win the lottery. Like, you know, you see people who have no experience with financial management, um, and they just suddenly become, like, multimillionaires overnight. And then they spend that money usually just as quickly as they earned it or made it, they didn't really earn anything, to be honest. Um, and that's how it happens. So let me give you a few more examples of positive feedback loops or amplification, uh, because this is why, you know, this is why this thing happens. This is why we have this big, you know, woosh all of a sudden, and this is why, you know, this is why 20% of the people in the world own 80% of the wealth. It's why, like, 80% of sunlight is absorbed by 20% of the trees, because, you know, if one tree starts absorbing just a little bit of sunlight, it's gonna grow just a little bit bigger. And if it grows just a little bit bigger, it's gonna absorb just a little bit more sunlight. And if it absorbs a little bit more sunlight, it's just gonna grow a little bit bigger and you just compound that over time, you got a pretty damn big tree taking up a lot of damn sunlight. It's, it's all about these feedback loops, and the same thing is true with money, and I'm gonna give you some more examples here. So this is a huge one, and we're gonna talk about this in the mindset module. If you believe you are successful or you believe you can become successful, then you're going to become successful. Like, think about this for a second, like if you really believe in your heart of hearts this is gonna work, then you're gonna start creating the effect. Like, you're gonna start building your foundations, you're gonna start getting clients, you're gonna start doing outreach and making money. And then when you become successful and you start actually making some money, then you're going to believe even more that you are successful. And the more you believe you are successful, the more successful you're gonna become. And it's just gonna go woosh and, you know, then you're gonna have one of these big exponential things. But it's gonna take a year or two before that happens. And then, you know, people buying a stock on the stock market. So let's take the Tesla stock, for example. You know, if people buy it, then the price goes up, and if the price goes up, more people buy it. And then it goes, it goes boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, and it, you know, it feeds around itself. And then outta nowhere, people start selling the stock. And then, you know, the price goes down and then everyone starts selling it, and it goes up and down and up and down. And, you know, another example is, um, the Imperium Academy community. So people are in the community posting their wins, and you should do this. If you get a win, if you sign your first client or make some money, like, post your wins in the community, right? Just specifically business wins. No one wants to see your shirtless body transformation, trust me. (laughs) As, as great as it may be, we're here to talk business, right? Not self-improvement per se. Anyway, so people who post their wins in the group. So some of, some of you are gonna do what I ask you to (laughs) and, you know, the 20% that will actually get results. And you're gonna post, um, pictures of your, um, results and your clients and your bank accounts and money in the group. And the more people that post wins in the group, the harder the rest of everybody will work. And the harder everybody else works, the..... the more that- the more results they're gonna get and the more results they're gonna put in the group. And the more results that go in the group, the harder everybody works. The hard- and you just, just, boom, boom, boom. This thing just goes round and round and round, and you build this amazing flywheel machine for client results that encourages people to do, to do work. This is why I'm just consistently stressing to you, remember this stuff and do the work. Remember this stuff and do the work. Information can only change your life if you remember it, and it will only change your life if you apply it. Do the work, do the work, do the work, right? (laughs) Talking of which, funnily enough, doing the work, getting results. So you're gonna do the work, get results. The more results you get, the more you're gonna wanna work. The more you're gonna wanna work, the more you work, the more results you get. And then it just goes round and round. Same thing is true with, like, going to a party. So if you're at a party and then people start leaving, then suddenly more people start leaving, and then before you know it, no one's at your party. Definitely didn't happen to me when I was a kid. (laughs) I'm joking. Um, positive feedback. So panic and people running. So one person starts panicking and sprinting away from something, and then suddenly somebody else starts doing the same thing because we are by nature, you know, social proof animals, which means we just copy people without thinking, 'cause it's the safer option, right? Like, if you're in a mall and someone just starts sprinting away from something, you're, you're probably gonna run away without thinking too much about it because it's biologically sound. There's no real argument against it 'cause it's like, well, if that person's running away from something, chances are there's something to run away from, and I'd rather take the risk of looking like an idiot than fuck around and find out. But anyway, the more people that are running, the more panic there is. And the more panic there is, the more people that run, until everyone's running. And then, you know, then you've got, like, a stampede. And this is how, like, mobs form, this is how protests form. This is how anything, like, this is how things just go rapidly exponential. It's how empires are built, it's how countries grow, it's how businesses grow, it's how, like, you know, you can track, like, Facebook's users over time. Like just flywheel, flywheel, flywheel. So some real-time examples for you here, um, and let me just, just do this quickly. So some real-time examples for you here on YouTube. So this is a, um, this is a Google Earth, um, time lapse, and it's gonna show you some of the biggest cities in a- on earth, um, that have sort of been developed in, like, the last, I don't know, like, 30 years, give or take. 40 years, 50 years, whatever. Um, yeah, so 35 years, the urban population's grown by 2.3 billion people. So funny enough, this is where I am right now with Dubai. So we're in Dubai, and you can see 1984, there's 300,000 people in Dubai, okay? 35 years ago, or well, actually this is 38 years ago, right? But anyway, so look, we can see, like, by n- 1990, so like four years later, little bit of progress. And then, you know, a couple years after that, little bit more progress. And then little bit more progress, little bit more, little bit more. And like 10 years later, a little bit more, little bit. And then suddenly, like, outta nowhere, this thing just goes bang. Like two, like the Palm Jumeirah appears, which is where I live. Palm Jebel Ali appears, which is on the left. The marina appears, the islands appear. And this thing becomes like a metropolis, just like real quick. You know, you can sort of see. And another example I'll give you here is the Pearl River Delta in China. So in 1984, um, this thing has got like, you know, nearly 10 million people. And now this thing, this is a place in China that you've probably never heard of, it's got like 60 million people. Like the population of the UK fits into this thing. And so let's have a look at this, you know? 1984, it looks a bit developed, right? There's a lot of farmland and stuff. There's a good river, good water source, good place for civilization to grow. And then just outta nowhere, slowly, like 10 years, looks kinda similar, not all that different, you know, bit of growth. And then, like, bang, look at this. It just goes ballistic. Sorry, 81 million people. (laughs) Like, I mean, how's that for exponential growth, nearly 10Xing a population, you know? And then, um, another example. Um, this is Las Vegas in Nevada, right, in America. We start with 530,000 people, you know, little, little town kind of. Well, it's more than a town really, but 35 years, look at this thing. Just growing, growing, growing, growing, growing, growing, growing, growing, growing, growing, growing, growing. And, you know, we've gone from, you know, with 4X, 5X the population. Another example for you, some bacterial growth. So what you can see here, a little bit into the time lapse, there's some little specs of bacteria here. So, you know, there's, it's, it's linear. There's not huge, there's not much bacteria on this thing, the growth is slow. But as more bacteria grows, then more bacteria grows, because bac- the way bacteria grows is by duplicating itself, right? So, you know, it just goes and goes and goes, and then suddenly outta nowhere, bang, like it's just like a colony. It just takes over the whole thing, and there's just loads of bacteria, you know? There's a story, um, about an ancient king, um, and (laughs) I don't think it's a true story. It's definitely not a true story. There's a, a kid, and this kid does the king a favor. Um, I'm just gonna make it up. The, let's say the kid, the kid, um, protects the kings- the kid protects the queen from, um, an assassin, okay? And the kid goes to the king, and the king's obviously really grateful for this kid, you know? Queen's grateful for the kid. Queen's alive, king's happy. The kid goes to the king's court, and the king says to the kid, "Whatever can I do to repay you? Anything that is within my kingdom, I will give you. Tell me what you want." The kid's very smart, and what he does is he says to the king, "What I would like is for you to give me, um, for you to give me two pieces of grain, you know, or two, sorry, two pieces of gold. I want two pieces of gold. And what I want you to do for every single square on the chessboard, or on a chessboard, I want you to double how much you gave me before." And the king's like, "Done. Granted." And as soon as that's done, the kid is now the king. Now why? Well, think about itWe go from two to four, it's just four pieces of gold, not that deep. Then we go from four to eight, still not that deep. Then eight to 16, then 16 to 32, like, you know, suddenly that, that gets a little bit out of hand, you know, we go from, from 16 to 32, and then we go from (laughs) 32 to 64, and then from 64 to 128, and we're not even done with the back row of the chessboard yet. I can't remember how many squares are on a chessboard, um, maybe it's like 64, but just Google right now, like two to the power of 64, like that's, that's, that's like the whole universe. (laughs) It's like these, these exponents, man, these power laws, like they're dangerous and they, they are viciously, you know, willing to amplify anything you give them. So that's the story about the kid and the king and how he takes over the kingdom, and that, that king was not a very smart king. The clearest example I can give you of feedback loops, how do you turn a thousand dollars into $120,000 with doing, without doing any work, with no effort, without doing anything except one thing? It's pretty simple. This here is a compound interest calculator. So if we take a thousand dollars, okay, let's say you've got a thousand dollars right now, and let's say that we take, uh, a 60-year time horizon with an est- estimated interest rate of 7%. So what this means is that every year you're going to get a 7% return on your initial investment, which is kind of typical because that's like the S&P 500 average return, um, you can do a 7% return pretty easily. Now, we're not gonna account for tax or anything, it's gonna compound annually, so it's just a thousand dollars, right? Just a thousand dollars. We're putting a thousand dollars in at 7% return, 60 years, no big deal, right? Well, if we calculate what happens, in 60 years you'll have $57,000, and if you hold it for 61 years it goes from 57 to 62. Then if we do just an extra nine years, suddenly you've got $113,000, like, you know. And let's, let's give another example. Let's say that you put in, um, $5,000 right now, and let's say every single month you're willing to put in a hundred dollars, like not much, just, you're gonna put a hundred dollars in, you know, every, every year. And let's say you give it 65 years, you know, compounding it as, let's just say an 8% return, just 8%, it's an extra percent, right? Calculate. Well, that's how (laughs) $5,000 with a little bit of a, you know, $100 a month investment, that becomes $3 million over time. And we can see how this just compounds, and this is happening because of compound interest, which is basically a flywheel, which means that when you put a dollar in and you get a small return on that dollar, then it loops back around and creates more of the money, and then it loops back around again and creates more. So if we put, if we put just $1 in, no investment additionally, we give that dollar a hundred years at 7% return, um, what do we get? Yeah, so $1 becomes $867. (laughs) So I know, I know you're not, you might not, well, I'd love for you to be here in a hundred years, but let's be honest, right, you know, this is a pretty interesting thought experiment, and this shows the power of compound interest, and this shows the power of feedback loops. You can turn $1 into $900 if you're just willing to wait. Now, you know, obviously that's, you're not gonna wait a hundred years but you get the point, right? So this is what I mean when I say things take time, okay? It is actually possible to create these ridiculous exponential effects if you just stick to them. So if you put this thousand dollars in and you, and it's like, (laughs) it's so funny, like, let me, let me just explain this again because this reiterates my point. So, you know, let's say you put $10,000 in, okay, and you're gonna allow it to compound for 70 years with a s- interest rate of 7%, right? Well, okay, in 70 years if you put 10K in, you know, you'd have $1.1 million. This is real math, right? Let's say that you put this $10,000 in and, you know, you get, you get seven years in, you know, or you get six years in to your investment, and you're like, "I'm not a millionaire yet. I, I invested five years ago, this isn't working." And then you just take the money out. You're, you're an idiot. Like, this is just what people do, like they don't, they don't give it enough time to get to like, in this point where it just goes whoosh and just flies up. So doing, like getting, changing your niche or changing the problem you solve for people or changing to a different business model after three or four months of trying consulting is exactly the same as putting $10,000 in the stock market in the S&P 500 or putting $10,000 in a savings account with a low interest rate and removing it after a year because you're not a millionaire yet It's exactly the same premise, okay? So don't do it. Now, we have positive feedback loops, which is obviously these things that create exponential results. I'm also gonna make you aware of this, although they're not that important to understanding how they get exponential effect, we also have negative feedback loops. Um, so positive feedback loops, they exist to amplify a cause away from a base, so like we're really trying to see some massive growth, but negative feedback loops attempt to regulate and control systems towards a base. So negative feedback loops exist to maintain the status quo. Um, so for example, like a negative feedback loop could be a, um, air conditioning unit in your house. So let's say you've got a room and you set the a- air conditioning to 20 degrees Celsius. If the room gets too hot, then the air conditioning will, it will cool down the air and, you know, bring it down, but then it will overshoot, and if it gets too cold then it will increase the heat and then it will, you know, balance out and maintain this degree of 20 degrees. This is exactly how rocket (laughs) guided missile systems work as well in the military, is they have a target and then, you know, the military will shoot the r- the, the, the, the sort of autonomous guided rocket and the rocket will adjust its course accordingly in the air in con- in accordance to the coordinates it's trying to hit and the coordinates of where it is now. And so this is how you get these sort of AI rockets, which are kind of terrifying, that can use negative feedback to, you know, achieve a, a point of stasis or maintenance to a, hit a target Same thing is true for, um, systems in the body. So we have homeostasis, which is a, you know, you might be familiar with from biology class, where, you know, you have your brain as a sensor. If you get too cold then you shiver and that brings your temperature back up to 37 degrees internally, which is where enzymes are catalyzed and we remain healthy and alive, 35, 37.5 I think it is, I can't remember. But then if we get too hot, if you sit in a sauna, for example, then, and that's the stimulus, then you'll start to sweat and you'll start to pant to try and cool yourself down, and that's what dogs are doing when they're panting is they're trying to cool themselves down, right? Um, this, th- this happens with all of your, um, neurochemistry as well, this happens with your hunger hormones, it happens with your sleep hormones, it happens with your digestion, it happens with your lungs. Like, if you right now, like, breathe really quickly and like try and hyperventilate, then what your body's gonna try and do is s- like try and slow your breathing down so you don't g- die from oxygen poisoning. Although I don't know that's even a thing, to be honest, but you get the point. So if a system's in decline, like for example the Roman Empire in, in 135 AD and there is a negative sentiment attached to the decline, like if, if, if, if something bad is happening, like a- and you perceive it to be like a bad thing, that does not mean it's a negative feedback loop, okay? The w- negative in terms of feedback loop and negative in terms of sentiment are two very different words Okay? If things are exponential, it's always positive, so if, if you're seeing an exponential curve up or down, then what you're observing is a, um, positive feedback loop typically. Now, you could say it's a negative feedback loop 'cause it's like a maintenance thing and it kicks in, but you kinda get the point, right? So, um, the point I'm making here, is that positive or negative, in terms of feedback, denote the direction instead of an emotional sentiment. So, positive feedback loops, we're moving away from something. Negative feedback loops, we're moving towards something, okay? Just because the Roman Empire declined, using... It, it was a positive feedback loop that did it, not a negative one. So, the sentiment is- is detached from the meaning of the- of the feedback loop. I hope that makes sense. If it doesn't make sense, don't worry about it, but it doesn't really matter too much, so I might as well just tell you. So, now let's talk about second order consequences. So, now that you're starting to build your understanding of- of this wonderful world and how exponential things occur and why things happen, let's discuss this pretty crazy thing that, like, if you get this, man, like, "My goodness, does life suddenly start, you know..." Um, this thing, like, if you can learn from this video, and if you can learn this knowledge and remember this knowledge and learn to think in second order consequences, you will, you will beat a lot of people (laughs) in life. You'll become very successful. So, let's dive into it. So, actions have consequences. We know this to be true. Cause, effect. Action, consequence, cause, effect. H- have you heard this before? You've probably heard this phrase before, where, like, you know, when you're a kid, you'll do something bad and then your mum or your dad'll be like, "Oh, Timmy, actions have consequences," and that's basically you being grounded, right? Well, if you run someone over, then you're going to prison. If you cut your leg, then you're going to bleed. If you make cold calls, you're going to make sales. Action, consequence. Cause, effect. But here's the real kicker that no one understands. Actions have consequences, but consequences have consequences. And if that's not a pin drop moment for you, you need to pay attention, because consequences of consequences have consequences to infinity. Th- this is something that you need... I know it might seem like, you're a bit like, "What the hell? I don't get it," but it'll become clear when I give you an example. So, these consequences are called second order consequences. And second order consequences, this is how billionaires think. This is how, like, really intelligent genius idiosyncrasy in business or science or anywhere, these guys, they think in se- second order consequences. So, every individual action you take, everything you do, everything, with no exception, no matter what, no matter how trivial, will set off a chain reaction of consequences through time into the future that will dictate how your life ends up. Now, this is also known as the butterfly effect or the law of sensitive dependence on initial conditions, and what it means is that you doing one thing right now, if we apply enough time to the- to that action and the consequences of that action, you can end up with a completely crazy thing. Like, the butterfly effect is called the butterfly effect because the theory is that if a butterfly flaps its wings, um, in one corner of the world, then on the other side of the world, it can cause, like, a- a, um, a tornado or something like that. And (laughs) biologically, that might not be accurate, but again, second order consequences, it- it can actually make sense. So, actions set trajectories. So, a trajectory is basically a- a line of direction of which someone is on, okay? So, for example, if you are leaving your house to drive to your grandmother's, then you are on a trajectory to go and see your grandmother. If you are in university and you want to become a doctor, then you are on a trajectory towards becoming a doctor. A trajectory is essentially a journey, and your actions set your journeys. Trajectories have sentiment, and they are either negative or positive. So, a trajectory is positive if it helps you achieve, um, you know, progress towards your goal. So, consequence- so, trajectories manifest as consequences, okay? And a trajectory, for a trajectory to exist, there has to be time, there has to be an initial action and a consequence. And so what happens is the initial action is taken, i.e. calling your grandmother to- to- to go and to see if she's free, and then the consequences that manifest from that initial action are find keys, open door, get in car, turn car on, reverse out of drive, you know, drive, stop at traffic light, swear at someone who just cut me off, continue driving. Like, it- all life is, is a chain of events and one event creates the next one. If you're at a traffic light and, you know, you- you run the red and then someone crashes into you, like, that happened because something else happened. It's cause and effect, right? So, consequences along a positive trajectory make you progress from your baseline towards your goal, and consequences along a negative trajectory make you regress from your baseline away from your goal. And your baseline is basically your current situation and your goal is what you want. So, 10K a month, millionaire, healthy, good family, whatever. Financial freedom. And this is how it looks, right? So, trajectories, like, obviously your- your visits to your grandmother might not become exponential, right? (laughs) That's not my point. But when it comes to business or health or family or relationships or financial freedom, we'll talk about finance specifically, a trajectory can be an everything but. Like, it can really be exponential. So, we have the initial action here, represented by these little circles. And a positive trajectory is where we take an action in the moment that triggers a chain of events that become exponential and help us achieve our goal. And it doesn't always have to be exponential, right? You can have a linear, you know, more s- more straight line here. But on the flip side, we have one action that's bad and that- that will trigger a chain of events that will send us down to hell. And really, like...I, I can't stress enough, the quality of your life is determined by the quality of your actions. And the quality of your actions is determined by whether or not you're doing the right thing or the wrong thing. It's very simple to have a good, happy life, just don't do stupid shit and do smart shit. Like, it's, it's really not that tricky when you think about it. We all over-complicate it, but it's really just this. And so this is how consequences work, and the key is in the word. So when you think about a consequence, like, it's a sequence. It's a sequence of events that happen as a result of the ones previous to them happening. And so what we can observe here, um, is what we would call second-order consequences in real time. So we have an initial action which triggers a first-order consequence or an effect, and that effect becomes the cause to create a second effect, and then that second-order consequence creates a third-order consequence, and then a th- a fourth-order consequence creates a fifth-order consequence, which creates the sixth and the seventh, all the way to X. And, and this is to infinity. This is to the end of the universe. This is to the, this is until the, you know, the Big Bang comes to a close with the heat death of the universe. You know? And what happens here is, like, something happens, something else happens because it happened, and then this cause-and-effect chain just rumbles down. And this is why this, um, module is called Six Figure Fusion, is because this is how nuclear reactions happen and ... I'm not actually that well-versed in nuclear physics, but my understanding of chain reactions and nuclear phys- f- fusion reactions is when, like, one thing causes another thing, which causes another thing, and another thing, and another thing, until it just goes absolutely exponential. And so what we can observe here as well, with these arrows denoted, is feedback loops. So some consequences will feed back on previous consequences and amplify the severity of the trajectory, speeding it up and amplifying it, and then recreating consequences. So, you know, if, if I do, um, the initial action, right? And that creates the first-order consequence, and that creates a second, then the fourth, then by the time I get to the fourth-order consequence, this consequence might feed back and reinforce the first-order consequence, which creates more of this, which creates more of this, and more of this, and more of this, to create more of this. And this is how your life gets really good really quickly, or really bad really quickly. And same thing here, so we've got negative and we've got positive. So negative consequences and negative trajectories, they take you away from your goal. This is where you descend into chaos, the abyss, and hell. This is how people end up homeless. This is how people end up in crippling debt. And ultimately, this is how people end up doing terrible things like committing suicide and, and, and self-harm. Like, wh- when your life is so bad that you feel that you have to, uh, physically hurt yourself to justify your damn existence to the world, it's the product of, of this, right? And I don't want to reduce someone's existential, terrible suffering down to a simple little diagram with a few boxes. That's not what I'm tryna do here. Trying to make a point, this is how it happens. And on the flip side, like, like if you have a fantastic life, like if you live where you want, you have financial freedom, you've got the wife you want, and the kids you want, the, the boyfriend you want, girlfriend you want, whatever, you know, ev- like, you've got an audience, people like you, you're doing meaningful work. Like, I love my life, for example. I'm really happy with where I am, and I have a very good, meaningful life, and I'm on a meaningful trajectory towards more. And that's just happening because I've done enough of these good initial actions, and I've avoided the bad ones. And I've just given it like seven, eight years. It's amazing what can happen with time. And the exciting thing is I'm only just, I'm still just getting started. Like, with my income and stuff, like, I'm making like $10 million a year, $20 million a year nearly, and like, you know ... Well, 10 million right now, but we're pretty much on the cusp of getting to 20 pretty soon. And like, I- uh, I'm just getting started. Like, uh, I've no doubt that by the, uh, as, uh, with enough time and effort, I'll be a billionaire. Like, I will, because (laughs) like if you, if you take, you know, if you do this interesting thing here, right? And I'm not gonna tell you specifically what my net worth is, 'cause that's personal, but you know, let's say that we take, um, you know ... Well, I'm making $10 million a year right now, right? So, uh, let's just say that, for argument's sake, that's all profit, which it's not, by the way. But let's just say that, you know, I've got $10 million in cash, and I'm not confirming or denying that's how much I have. I'm just giving you an example, right? So let's say we take $10 million, which I think is 10 million, um, like this. Is that definitely quite on? One, two, three. Yup, so we take $10 million. And so I'm, I'm now 27, right? So let's say that, um, I want to see where I'm at when I'm like, I don't know, 87, right? So another, what is ... Ugh, it's been a long video, guys. (laughs) Let's do, let's do 60 years, right? Be 87. And let's say I've got an estimated interest rate of 7.5% because I've got some financial intelligence. And let's say that I continue contribute... Let's just say, with a random number in a bank account right now of $10 million. Like, okay, calculate. Well, by the time I'm 87, I'll be worth $766 million. But, and this assumes that I don't make any more. Now, I'm not, once again, I'm not saying this is how much money I've got. It might be more, it might be less. It's up for you to decide, right? Ah, well, I'd, I'd be a little bit disappointed if, if it was less, but you get the point, right? (laughs) Anyway, moving on from me being a dick. So, you know, um, this is gonna happen. Like, if I just take this money and achieve this return and wait for this long, I'll be worth $760 million. This assumes I make no more money, right? This assumes that I, I don't, I don't make any more money from this business, no one else buys my thing ever. Like, you know, let's say that I make one $10,000 a month sale to contribute to this. When I calculate that, like, now I'm worth another 100 million. (laughs) So anyway, you get the point. Works pretty well. Um ...And that's that. So this is how you can visualize these second-order consequences, right? Um, so, you know, if we take, um, if we take our baseline here, which is, which is sort of where we are right now, then we have our initial actions, okay? And the initial action will create the first order consequence, which will create the second, the third, the fourth, the fifth, the sixth, the seventh, and the eighth, and, you know, it might not be until consequence six that things start to really tick up. We have time here, and the key is that you let these consequences unfold and you give them enough time. So, you know, if you're on a positive trajectory by starting a business or something, then the key is just don't quit and don't switch. (laughs) Just keep doing the initial action, keep working, give it time, and do not quit. And on the, on the flip side, if you're doing, if you're going down a, a bad trajectory, and you feel like your life's not on track and you're going down a, a bad path, then hopefully you're not too far gone, because this is when, like down here, like this, this sort of exponential curve, this is when people get, like, depression that is so bad that they feel like they have to end their lives or, you know, this is when, like, you're really in, like, hell. And, and you can climb out of here. Like, trust me, you can. I've seen people do it, and it's the most miraculous, wonderful thing ever. But you want to try and avoid having to do that. So if you, if you're on this negative trajectory and you think, "Godamn, like, I don't like where I'm headed," just know that if you don't stop doing all this crap before it's too late, there's gonna be a tipping point and a cliff that your life falls off. And it will happen faster than you can possibly expect. It will come out of nowhere and it will slap you in the face, and it's not a good thing. It really isn't. I've seen it happen to a lot of people. Now we can visualize this with something pretty insane called a consequence map. (clicks mouse) So consequences have consequences. Actions have consequences, consequences have consequences. And what we can do is we can actually map the consequences of terrible, stupid behaviors and decisions. So here's a consequence map I made for, um, for one bad initial action of getting an Xbox for Christmas. So you can replace getting an Xbox with, you know, downloading TikTok or watching pornography or trying drugs for the first time or even ordering a burger. And you can see how messy this thing gets. So consequences, they're not just linear chains where, like, one cause will create one effect. Like, what usually happens is one cause will create lots of effects, and those lots of effects will fan out into lots more effects. And it's kind of like a, it's like an infection, like this thing just spreads. So let's, um, let's explore this, shall we? So let's say that you get an Xbox gifted to you for Christmas, okay? This is the initial... It might not even be your fault. (laughs) You know, you, you might not have even gone to buy the damn thing. Maybe your auntie was just like, "Hey Timmy, here's an Xbox for you," right? Well, your auntie's just done you dirty as far as I'm concerned, although bless her, she had your best interest at heart. But okay. So let's talk about this. You get your Xbox for Christmas, and this is basically the initial action. This is the original cause. Now, what happens is, okay, well, you start playing the Xbox. You're like, "I'm just gonna play the Xbox an hour a day on the weekends." Then you start playing every day, because, like, no one can just do an hour a day of Xbox. Trust me, even I've tried, it doesn't bloody work. So you start playing every day. And then, because you're playing every day, you play for more hours and you play more, and then you actually start getting good at the game, and then what happens is, because you're good at the game, you start frying your dopamine receptors, and the only way you can feel stimulation is with the game. And then you've wired your brain for instant gratification. So, like, you know, now you're just, like, completely, like you, you just, all you wanna do is play this game and get immediate dopamine. And then the thing is, is now you're struggling to work. Because you're so used to getting dopamine from your game, like, you can't sit down and focus and get enough dopamine. And because you, because you've wired your brain for instant gratification, well, now you're gonna start snacking whilst you're playing. And then you're gonna buy these stupid G Fuel gamer drinks that, you know, are gonna ruin your gut health and adrenal glands, then you're gonna get anxiety and brain fog. Then because of this, you're gonna stop exercising, then you're gonna gain weight, and then you're gonna get fat, you know. And then what's also gonna happen here is, if you start playing every day, you're gonna play for more hours, and then you're gonna spend less time with your girlfriend. She's gonna get mad at you, and then she's gonna start disturbing you during her working hours because she knows it's easier to s- to distract you from your work than from your Xbox 'cause you're glued to the thing. And then because she starts disturbing you and she's angry at you, you start playing more Xbox to forget that she's angry at you, and then she leaves you, and then you, you enter hell, 'cause it's not good. And then, because you get good at the game, you start making friends that are also good at the game, and then you start hanging out with these people, and then you start spending money on skins and items to pathetically compete with them for digital status, and then you're poor, because you started buying pixels, and then you go through hell. Or, you know, another thing that happens is, like, you know, what have we got here? So you get good at the game, you know, um, and then what starts happening is you start staying up late because you're, you're on this game late. Like, you know, your willpower's at its weakest past 11:00 PM, man. So you start (laughs) staying up late, playing late, then you destroy your circadian rhythm, w- which is your sleeping pattern, and then you start doing dumb shit because you're up at 2:00 AM chasing dopamine. You know, it's like in between your games you start watching porn or doing stupid stuff. And then you get new addictions, and then what that does is it fry, it fries your dopamine receptors even more, which means that you have to start playing more, which means you have to start staying up later, which means you get more addicted, and then this thing just goes around. And then also what happens is, because you get good at the game, you get a sense of progress in the game, right? And then you have a lack of desire for sense of progress in life. Like, if you're getting good at a game, like, you know, this is like, this is what happens to people who are gaming. Like, your brain has a process, like, i- it has a progress-striving mechanism, and if you're getting your progress-striving mechanism, if that thing's being satisfied by a video game, you're not gonna seek it in business. You know? Like, I don't get this. People that play Sims, for example, like, you're building this dream digital life. Build your own bloody life, right? (laughs) Anyway, you can tell I get passionate about this 'cause this one got me. This one had me for a long time.Like all of these consequences you're seeing on this- on the screen with a f- with a- with a few exceptions, some of the obvious ones that didn't happen, are um, are real. They- these happened to me. These literally happened to me. I'm not even joking to you. There's- I mapped this out from personal experience, right? Um, so sense of progress in game and then you lack desire for a sense of progress in your life because it's- you're getting everything you need from the game, so then you stop working and your business fails and you have to get a job you hate. And all of this leads to, you know, entering hell (laughs) w- with enough time applied because now you're poor because you spent all your money on the game, now you've lost your girlfriend because she doesn't like you because you're playing this game, you've also gained weight because of this Xbox, and now you have to get a job you hate because your auntie bought you an Xbox for Christmas, so you're in hell. Then you blame the world and become bitter and resentful, then you bring everybody else around you down and you become this miserable sack of existence that no one wants to be around so you become isolated and lonely, then you lose friends and family members and then you get depressed. And then- then all roads lead to Rome, like you do something heinous and ter- heinous and terrible, right? This is wha- this is how your life works and, like, I'm- I'm hoping this is just you're like, "Holy shit." Like, that's- I'm hoping that's the reaction you've just had here. Like, I'm not joking, like I had this thing for a while. I- when- this was when I was younger, I was growing up, like 15, 16, before I started a business, like 17 when I really kicked off. This was my life. (laughs) Like- like things really su- I had this, like, depression, pain, and suffering, like I never had, like, terrible suicidal thoughts or anything, but, you know, apply enough time to something like that and that's where you can end up, man. And so, like, this all happened because I bought a gaming computer when I was like 13, and that happened because of some other stuff when I was- I don't even- I don't even know. It all comes back, like from the second you're born, like these things just unfold. Like you being born, you being inflicted on the world is gonna unload a chain of events that can either be very miserable or very happy. And so, you know, this is just one example. You could replace this, and this is By the way, this is by no means an extensive list of all the consequences. There are thousands that I haven't thought to name here, but I wanted to give you an example, right? And they all feed back on each other as well. So, like for example, destroyed circadian rhythm and staying up late. Well, now this is gonna make my girlfriend even more mad because now I'm not even going to bed with her. Like, and I'm getting into bed at, like, 4:00 AM and she's asleep and going to work, which means that I play more and then my circadian rhythm gets worse. Like, it just cycles. All of these things feed back on each other and they create this absolute web of chaos and mess that you need to learn to clean up, all because Auntie Joan bought Timmy an Xbox for Christmas. So this happens on the flip side though, because on a more positive note, here's a consequence map for signing up for a gym. Now you could map the same thing out for, um, for doing this program or buying EasyGrow or any example, you know, that, that, that I would deem positive. And these should be connected by arrows, so I apologize they're not. But, so you sign up for a gym, all right? You, you're out of shape because, you know, you've been on this Xbox train for the last seven years and now you're depressed and you want to fix it, and you've hit rock bottom and a point of critical mass. So, you know, you sign up for a gym and you take your sorry ass into the gym and you start working out two days a week, and then you feel good, like just a little bit, a tiny bit good. You start making marginal progress, so you start training more and then, then, like, you know, you feel even better, so you train more and then that feeds back around. And then you get to the point where you're like, "Okay, I'm gonna get a coach." You get a coach and, you know, your coach fixes your nutrition, which means that you feel good and make more progress, which means that you train more, get more coaching, and fix your nutrition more and it feeds back around. Then you have a big leap of progress, this big exponential leap, you know, six months later you just, you've gone from, you know, you saw a picture of yourself when you were at a wedding six months ago and now you've lost, like, you know, 10 kilos and you look incredible, right? That's fantastic. So then, like, you've had this big leap of progress. Now you understand delayed gratification. You get smarter. You start cleaning up bad habits in your life, right? And th- th- this thing then feeds into, you know, you becoming more disciplined or whatever, right? And then another example, so you have a big leap of progress here because of these things and then your friend, your best friend sees this progress and they join the gym, and then you train with your friend and then you become accountable, which means you train more and fix your nutrition even more, and then it all feeds back around and more of your friends join the gym, and then you spend more time together improving And then maybe after six months of training with this person, you start a business with them and then maybe you make money and go on to be a millionaire with them. You know? Like, the same thing is true here, right? So maybe you fix your nutrition after this chain, then your gut health improves, mental health improves, confidence improves, then you become more socially popular, right? Then you start speaking to more people, you get better sales skills, you get more clients, you become a millionaire. Or maybe your confidence improves as a result of these things and the second order consequence of that improving is you actually approach a girl for once in your life and then you date that girl and then she becomes your girlfriend, then she becomes your wife, then you have four kids and nine grandkids, all because you went to the gym. (laughs) Like, obviously the approaching a girl happened because the confidence improved, but the confidence only improved because the mental health improved because the gut health improved because you fixed nutrition because you got a coach, trained more, felt good, worked out, and signed up for a gym. All roads lead to Rome. Everything happens for a reason and what you want to learn to do is try and isolate the, the thing at the bottom of it. Like, prime example for you, seven years ago I received a Facebook message on Facebook Messenger from a man called Bodoin Borgins, or Bodoan Borgins. He's my business partner now and we've made tens of millions of dollars together. You know, we make $10 million a year, as I said. May- maybe I've said that too much at this point, but, like, he's like a brother to me now. We live together. Um, he's like my best friend. He's, like, brother till I die, brother from another mother as far as I'm concerned. To use a, a less cringey phrase would've been more appropriate But Bo messaged me on Facebook, um, seven years ago before I was anything, before really he was anything, and he just messaged me trying to sell me some funnels, (laughs) some service delivery agency funnels. And I was like... I bought them. Best decision I ever made, right? (laughs) You know, I bought them and then I added Bo to a group chat with some other agency owners and then I started talking to Bo and then I started doing sales calls for him and he started doing service delivery for me and apply seven years to the equation and now we've got, like, the biggest info business in the space, all because of one Facebook message. And I've, uh, I mean, hopefully I live long enough to see, you know, 90, 100 years old. That'd be great, right? And I can't wait to see the seven millionth order consequence of Bo messaging me on Facebook, you know? (laughs) This is how the world works, okay? Now what we have is feeder actions. So most consequence trajectories have a feeder action. So the feeder action is the thing you do daily to sort of feed all of this stuff. So second order consequence maps, like, consequence maps, these are, these, these second order consequences, they're like a hungry beast. They need to be fed and the thing that feeds them is your daily habits, okay? And these are called feeder actions. So for example, playing the Xbox, going to the gym, outreach in the business, et cetera. So feeder actions are actions that, in our case as humans, manifest physically as behaviors that we complete routinely, also known as habits, okay? So think about it. If you, like, the feeder action for this one is basically start playing every day, like, or more hours, more play. Like, actually playing the Xbox is the feeder action If you stop playing every day, then suddenly you cut off the oxygen for all of these second order consequences. And they'll, they'll still exist for some time, but, like, suddenly what will start happening, let's say you stop playing every day, so you stop the habit. Well, then you lose your gaming friends. Good fucking riddance, right? (laughs) They're gone. Um, also, you're, you're going to bed on time now because you haven't got anything to do in, in the evening. You're just going to sleep insteadUm, if you catch it early enough, you can actually start spending time with your girlfriend again and, and cut this off. And then also you're gonna start wanting to work more. Like, the, all of these consequences, they come from one specific behavior that you just routinely beh- routinely repeat every single day. And the thing is, is you live this life and you live all these nasty consequences without attributing them to the damn thing that you're doing. Like most people are doing these feeder actions and feeding their entire misery map, map of misery without even realizing it, that you have to isolate these things, right? Same thing for this, like the feeder action for all of these positive benefits is training more and going to the gym, you know, and showing up. So, you know, if you want to stop a negative trajectory, you know, if you want to, you know, if you're on this thing here, you know, and you're, you're downsloping and you want to stop it, then just stop doing the thing that feeds it. Stop the initial action or... The initial action is the cause, like the Xbox being bought or signing up for the gym membership, but usually the second or third order consequence of the initial action is the thing that feeds it. You, like, for example, like the, uh, the initial action of becoming a heroin addict would be trying heroin for the first time or hanging out with someone that does heroin regularly, right? That's the initial action. You can't really repeat that thing because it's a one-time action. But eventually if you're shooting up heroin, like you're doing that every day, then that's feeding into your miserable existence, right? And that's a bad thing. So if you want to accelerate a positive trajectory, you increase the feeder action. So the feeder action for the gym example is training more and the feeder action for the, um, negative trajectory is more hours, more play. So avoid the bad initial actions and encourage the good ones. It's like Snakes and Ladders, just avoid the damn snakes. (laughs) So let me give you a couple of examples, right? So really in life it's more about avoiding this than it is trying to seek this. Like your success and the money you make and the quality of your life will come way more from trying to get rid of bad things than it will trying to add good things. Because it doesn't matter how much you try and start a business, like if you're try, if you're playing the Xbox eight hours a day, like there's no point, right? Well, there's a point, there's always a point to trying to improve, but the easiest way to im- you improve by subtracting things, but that's a story for another day. So a few examples. So recently I was at dinner in Dubai, okay? Um, no, I wasn't in Dubai, I was in London. I was in London. And I met a friend of a friend who was really fun to be around, like one of those proper, you know, charismatic people, um, amazing people who you want to hang around. Like, they were, they were fantastic. I loved them to bits. But I found out after a few hours this person was heavily into drugs, right? So I was like, "Oh, here's a great person who I really like, who I want to be l- who I want to be friends with." And then I found out they were into drugs, and I saw this drug thing like, okay, person into drugs coming into contact with me. Knowing where that heads, without judging them, um, I cut them off and never spoke to them again. Just ruthlessly didn't text them back. My, my friend who wanted to rearrange the dinner was like, "Oh, I'll bring this person." I was like, "Please don't." They were like, "Why?" I was like, "I don't like the drug thing." And they were like, "Well, that's rude. You're judging them. You're being mean." I was like, "No, I'm just protecting my consequence maps." (laughs) Because, like, I know my personality, like I've never done drugs before. I've never done like hardcore class A, class B drugs, anything like that, and I never will. I'll never touch anything like cocaine or heroin because, like, I just know where that sort of thing leads. Like, this person was fun, they would've been a great friend, they would've been really fun, they made me laugh and like, I was making them laugh and it's great But as soon as I found out that they were like coke addict, cocaine addict, gone, out of my life, goodbye. No empathy, no, no, no sympathy, gone. Because map that thing out. If you start hanging out with someone every day who takes cocaine, like you're gonna be tempted to do cocaine, you're probably gonna end up doing it. You apply like, you know, three years of inadvertent social pressure to your life and drugs, like you're gonna cave. And if not, like, you know, you're, you're gonna, something bad's gonna happen. Like you're gonna get stopped by the police and they're gonna have it in their pocket and it's in your car so now you're a drug dealer and you go to prison. (laughs) Like it's just not fucking worth it. You know? Same thing if you've got a friend that drinks a lot. Same thing if you've got friends that like all they do is play video games. Like people are a huge one and you should be willing to cut them loose unless they're like, you know, close family or like a really best friend that you really wanna fix or like your brother or your sister or your mum or your dad. With those exceptions, I am absolutely ruthless with who I let into my life Another example, which is quite funny actually, um, so I moved into this house in Dubai, uh, about a year ago, bang on a year ago now, in August last year. And my house manager, um, the guy, um, who, well estate agent, house manager sort of, the person who was helping us with the house deal, they offered, um, like a little favor as, as you do when you spend a stupid amount of money on, on houses and rents and stuff. They, um, they offered to set up smart TVs in our bedrooms. So me and Bo moved into the house and the house manager was like, "Hey, just, just as a favor to all tenants, we, we set up these smart TVs, um, in the bedrooms. Like we haven't done it yet since you moved in because we didn't know which rooms you were gonna take and stuff, so let us know." Um, they were like, "Look, we'll set them up. You've got all the streaming services, it's all free, like it's all paid for. You've got Disney Plus, Paramount Plus, Amazon Video, Netflix, like YouTube, everything's on there." As soon as I heard that, like, I was like, "That sounds great." But then I thought about it and I was like, "Nope," 'cause I mapped out the consequence trajectory and quickly shut it down. So like, just think about it for a second, like, you know, (sighs) like what, like having a television in my bedroom that will show me any movie or, because it literally had everything on it, like everything, having a TV in my room that will show me any movie or show or video I ever want to see ever, I'm just... that's not a good thing 'cause then I'm gonna start watching the damn thingAnd I said to this guy, I was like, "Oh, I don't want it." He was like, "But it's free." I was like, "It's not free. (laughs) The cost is me watching it." (laughs) Like, if I have that in my room, that could cost me, like, $10 million a year, you know? Like I start Game of Thrones, and then, like- then suddenly, I'm, like, waking up in the morning and turning the TV on. Or, you know, and then I'm- i- it's just, it's just like these things you just gotta watch out for, man. And this guy was adamant. He was like, "But everyone who moves into these houses get- like, we do it for everyone. It's free." I was like, "It's not free." He was like, "What do you mean?" I was like, "It doesn't cost me any money, but it, it can cost me my whole business." Like, you just, you just don't know. Like me getting a smart TV in my bedroom, like that could lead to me, like quite literally killing myself. And I, and I know how ridiculous that sounds. I know how ridiculous that sounds. But it could result... Okay, let's not use killing yourself, 'cause it's quite a terrible example. But having a TV in my room could result in the failure of my business, I don't know. It's better to not, because this is what happened. Like, would you think of this? Like when your auntie buys you an Xbox for Christmas? Like, all of this stuff is gonna manifest itself over like a five or seven-year time horizon. It might not. (laughs) I'm sure some of you have an Xbox and have a perfectly fine life. But you have to just watch this thing like a hawk. Like, I mapped it out. I was like, "TV in room, right? What's the, what's the first order consequence of that? Okay, well, I'm gonna watch the damn thing. Then I'm watching it led down. Then I'm watching it at night, which means that I'm gonna go to bed later. That means that I'm gonna get less sleep. You know, that means that I'm probably gonna spend less time in the gym in the morning." Y- you just, you just map it, and you'll see, you know? So, the fastest way to know if an action is gonna get you on a positive or negative trajectory is how good it feels in the moment. So, the question then becomes like, "Well, Charlie, how do I know if an action is good or bad? Like, how do I know what is a snake and what is a ladder?" Well, it's really about how it makes you feel in the moment. So, if doing the action brings you pleasure now and pain later, then it's bad, right? So, anything that gives you instant gratification is bad. And if the action brings you pain now and pleasure later, it's good, and that's delayed gratification. So, the more it sucks, the better it is (laughs) for you, usually. So, if you have the choice today between watching Six Figure Fusion and sitting and watching, you know, I don't know, some random Twitch streamer disrespect women for three hours, like one of those, like, I- I'm not gonna say that's a good thing. But like, one of those things you might want, you might... Like, let's just say streamer playing video games, right? (laughs) To use a less political example. So, there's two things you could do right now. You could go and watch the streamer play Minecraft, or you could sit down through a three-hour painful business video. Like, well, the three-hour business video that you're watching right now, or however long this thing is, I don't know, kind of sucks to watch right now, 'cause you've got to pay attention and write stuff down. And like, you could be watching a streamer play Minecraft, and that sounds really fun right now. But the thing is with the streamer playing Minecraft is that it brings you pleasure now, and it feels good now, but it brings you a little bit of pain later, because you go to bed that night like, "Shit, I wish I'd watched that video. Goddamn, why am I such an idiot?" And then, you do it all again the next day, right? (laughs) So, wha- wherever you can in life, you're looking for delayed gratification. Every day you wake up with the choice to take instant gratification actions or delayed gratification actions. Ah, like, you know, what are you gonna have for lunch? What are you gonna have for dinner? Are you gonna have, like, some, you know, Deliveroo, you know, instant food, like junk foody thing? Or, are you gonna eat something clean and healthy that you know is good for you? Because the junk food will feel great now, but you know, at 4:00 in the morning, it probably won't feel too good, you know, when you've eaten something bad that doesn't agree with you, because there's so much grease and crap in it. But if you eat, like, a salad now, it kind of just sucks. It's a salad. You're like, "Oh, I don't really want this." But then, like, at 4:00 AM, you're not suffering, right So, with your consulting business, you have four main feeder actions that delay gratification. So remember, this is all about isolating these feeder actions. These are things that we can do every single day, like habits that we can perform, behaviors that we can manifest using our body to feed the consequences we want to feed. Because this, this map, this is a hungry beast. The second you stop training, all of these things start falling apart. Like, you know, you need to consistently maintain these things. The key is really consistency, right? So, the main feeder action, if you're wondering, to go from zero to 10K a month, the main feeder for this is cold outreach. So, cold emails, cold calls, cold DMs. Like, outreach is a term used to describe you messaging, calling, or emailing people in your niche to see if they have the problem that you have the solution for. So, outreach is basically you trying to get clients, right? That's the action. That is the most important feeder action you can do to get to 10K a month, or even 100K a month, 'kay? Sometimes it can also be making content as well, but we need to get customers. So, that's the feeder action. So, once you're set up, once you've got your foundations, your mindset, your expertise, your sales skills and stuff, like you should be doing outreach all day, every day. Like, if you're not doing outreach all, all day, every day, then you're not feeding your trajectory properly. So, a business, starting a business is like, you know, you can map out the consequences of that. And you know, as, for as long as you feed the business... And the way I'm, what I mean by feeding the business is consistently doing outreach, which means getting, you know, more interested prospects just consistently through that machine. The more you feed that thing, the, like, you'll just, you'll become, uh, just so successful, it's ridiculous. The other thing that you can do, or the other things you can do to feed the business are remind yourself of the foundations So, rewatching these videos, working on your mindset and rewatching the mindset videos, closing calls and getting better at your expertise. You know, these are, these are really good feeder actions. Remember this from the last video, the only four things that matter? Solid foundations and mindset, booking sales appointments, closing sales appointments, and delivering value and getting better at what you do. These are the feeder actions for the business. If you're not working one of these four things, you're wasting your time. And a quote from Jordan Peterson for you. You know, someone, someone asked him, um, some really deep question, and he gave his answer, I thought it was fantastic. And I instantly understood it, because I understand second order consequences. He said, "Our actions echo into eternity." And what that means is that what you do now, in this very moment in time, is li- like, what the decisions you make, the actions you take, they are going to, in a very small way, a very, very small way, determine the entire course of the future of the universe. And this is where you can derive meaning from, man, woman, person, whatever you are, robot. Like, knowing this, you can just make your little corner of reality better. I mean, that's worth doing. So, an action item for you. So, what I want you to do now, once again, is pause this and do this. Find your worst feeder action that you have right now. God knows you've got one. You gotta have it, probably five, (laughs) you know? But find your worst one, the worst feeder action. Like, remember, your life is an aggregate of everything you've ever done. You've got this consequence map that you're living, and it's being fed by a couple of specific behaviors, right? Like, you know, eating junk food, or playing video games, or you know, all of these just basic bad habits that you know you have, right? Um, and I want you to basically make a decision to remove it. And if that sounds too difficult, then just try and not do it tomorrow. 'Cause you've probably got these behaviors that you've done every day since you can remember. Let's just try and not do them tomorrow. (laughs) That's a good place to start, right? That's your first action item. Not too tricky, just, you know, if there's something bad that you do every day that you know you shouldn't do that maps out all these terrible consequences, that if you don't stop doing, is going to send you down to the ... the pits of hell with enough time, let's just try and not do it tomorrow. That's action item number one, okay? Make a decision to remove it, but more importantly, just don't do it tomorrow, okay? So, stickability and consistency. So staying on this topic, and by the way, please do this now. Just, just pause the video and write down to yourself or tell yourself, "We're gonna remove this, but let's just, like... In the future, we're gonna remove it completely, but for now, let's just not do it tomorrow, all right?" Or for two days. Whatever you think you can manage. Don't try and, like, cut it off completely, 'cause you're not, you're not there yet, mate. (laughs) You know? You haven't got the willpower, discipline, or energy to just miraculously cut terrible habits out of your life. Let's just start with one day or one morning, for God's sake, right? So stickability and consistency. If you want to progress along a positive trajectory towards your goal, then you need to isolate the feeder action, which is a physical behavior that can be habitualized by routine. Then you need to stubbornly repeat this feeder action daily. So all success is, is isolating feeder actions and consistently repeating them or consistently not repeating them if it's bad. Sometimes it can take months of repeating this feeder action to trigger the second-order consequence and the chain reaction. So in, in physics, right, um, uh, let's use nuclear fusion as an example, okay? So if I, um, if I explain this to you, so nuclear fusion is basically when you... I don't really know how it works. I can't really give you, like, a high-level, uh, fancy explanation. So what I've done, actually, whilst thinking about it, is I've pulled up this diagram for you. So this is what nuclear, um, fission or nuclear fusion looks like. It might be fission, it might be fusion, but you get the point. So this is how consequence maps work, right? So this is how your life looks, is you start with one cause and this thing fans out in infinite directions. This is how nuclear energy can be, you know, um, can become a chain reaction, so to speak, right? And so, you know, if you're trying to create these effects down here, you know, what has to happen is... Something has to happen at the beginning and it has to happen consistently and repeatedly. So, you know, for example, this, this example here, we're combining these two things together, which is the, you know, thesis and the antithesis, and sometimes you have to combine them together a lot. Like, you've gotta be, you've gotta do this consistently for months before you start achieving the chain reaction you want to achieve like this, right? And so the point I'm making here is, like, don't think that just by making one cold call you're suddenly gonna get a client. Like, the universe is gonna test you. And these feeder actions, like, it's kind of like getting, like, a chainsaw going. Like, you've gotta give that thing a few rips before it actually kicks off, you know? You've gotta give it a few revs. And so when you're trying to, um, change your life and make progress and, you know, build a new consequence map for yourself, the first initial action, like for example, eating clean or, you know, in this case, doing outreach to get customers, um, sometimes you've gotta do it a lot. You've gotta do it a lot. And then what will happen is you do it a lot and then you'll, you'll get the consequence you want, which is getting a client, and then the chain reaction will start. Then it gets really, it gets, it just gets easier and easier. And the more clients you get, the easier it gets, which means the more clients you get. And this is the feedback loop coming into play. So for example, right, it took me 3,500 cold calls to get my first client. And that's not a lie. I, I, I, it took me like 60 to 70 sales calls to get my first client, and it took me 3,500 cold calls to book 60 sales calls (laughs). I wasn't very good. Don't worry, it shouldn't take you... Well, it might take you this many, I don't know, but I didn't really know what I was doing. Um, but, like, once you get the first client, once you... Trust me, like, once you get that first client, that feeling, like, like, it's like the whole world opens up to you. Like, that's the second-order consequence that's now going to create the chain reaction that could make you a billionaire. It's just one person buying from you, right?It's like, "Holy shit, it works," you know? It's like that scene from, um, if you, if you've seen the movie Cast Away with Tom Hanks where he creates fire. It's like, "Oh my God, fire." And really, like, civilization is a second-order consequence of fire, of us discovering fire. Like, we discovered fire and then, you know, however many hundreds of thousands or, I don't know, millions of years later, whatever the hell it is. No, it's not millions, but you know, however many years later, now we've got MacBooks (laughs), you know? And that's the second-order consequence of the discovery of fire, but anyway. You know, my point is this. To make fire, it might take you a couple of days of rubbing some sticks together, and don't be afraid to do months of work to see no result to feed the c- consequence map. Um, likewise, it might take 30 workouts before someone sees weight loss. You know, it might take 2,000 cigarettes before someone gets lung cancer. Like, if lung cancer was your goal, and you know that the feeder action to lung cancer is smoking 2,000 cigarettes, so smoking cigarettes, like, you wouldn't smoke... Like, okay, you obviously don't want lung cancer. No one does. But let's say you wanted to get lung cancer, right? Like, you wouldn't just smoke, like, 10 cigarettes and be like, "Oh, where's my lung cancer? Oh, this doesn't work. Cigarettes don't work. I'm giving up." Like, when you, when you invert it against a negative consequence, it makes a lot of sense, but for some reason people struggle with gauging the positive. And it's the same thing, like, let's say you want to find a wife. You might need to approach a thousand women, depending on how much rizz you have (laughs). Hopefully it's not a thousand, but you, you know what I mean. Like, these feeder actions, man, they, you just gotta keep on feeding. It's like a, it's like, it's literally just like your body. Every day you wake up, you gotta feed it. It's the same thing with, with success. You've gotta find the thing that feeds it, you've gotta habitualize it into a daily routine, and just consistently never stop. And then eventually what you can do is you can hire people to feed it for you. So I don't make cold calls anymore, you know? I, um, like, when I used, when I had my agency doing 100K a month, I had people feeding it for me, like, I hired them. But you're not there yet. So you've probably heard the phrase "Consistency is the key to success," and you've probably never really understood why. Maybe you, maybe you're like, "Yeah, I get it. Consistency is important." But now that you know this, like, using your understanding of time, feedback loops, and second-order consequences and consequence maps, you should now understand why consistency is the key to success, and this should make it more justifiable. Everything I've just told you, everything-... serves the purpose of you justifying consistency and something called stickability. That's the, the, the whole, the whole reason I've just spent two and a half hours explaining all these abstractions to you, is just so I can encourage you to be more consistent and more stickable. So the second lesser-known key to success with your consulting business is what I call stickability. So stickability, kind of clues in the name, is basically how sticky you are to your foundations in the consulting business model. So, in other words, can you stick to things without getting shiny object syndrome and hopping between business models, niches, and problems? Now, if you want to be successful and see this exponential loop, you gotta stick to it. You gotta be consistent with these three things. First of all, you must stick to the consulting business model, you must stick to the niche you pick, and you must st- you must stick to the problem you aim to solve for them. Once again, don't worry about, "Oh, what if I pick the wrong niche or the wrong problem?" Because we're gonna talk about that in the niche and the problem video. I- I'm gonna make sure you don't pick the wrong niche or the wrong problem. Because the truth is that provided someone else has made the niche work, and that someone else has solved the problem, then success is possible and it can be done. All we have to do is iterate our way to success, which once again I will explain in a later video. Your job after picking is to stick. Okay? So I'm gonna capitalize this, pick and stick. Okay? Pick and stick, that's all you've got to do is pick and stick. And, like, I can tell you that you're gonna have, you're gonna, your, your brain's gonna go fucking crazy on you. Like, you know, you're gonna, you're gonna get a couple of months in, you're gonna be like, "Oh, this isn't working. This doesn't work for me. Like, you know, consulting isn't for me, and this niche isn't, like, it's not good. And the problem I just can't solve." Like, you, you're gonna, you're gonna attack, (laughs) you know, your stickability, but it is imperative that you stick. Because, you know, remember, it's just having the patience to, like, bum, like just sort of rev up that initial action and just consistently feed it and get that first consequence, and then the second, and third and fourth and fifth. You're still not seeing like, you know, even by like maybe, maybe here where it's like 15th consequence or the 70th consequence, and you're still not seeing what you want. But you just keep on, keep on feeding it, and just trust the process. And trust that if you're in a niche that supports growth, solving a problem that is painful that you can create value through, with enough time and enough feeder actions, you will just, voosh, flywheel. And then everyone will think that you got lucky. (laughs) Oh, man, that's literally how it goes as well. I had this where, like, you know, suddenly I went from making like, um, like $1 million a year to like $10 million a year, and everyone was like, "What the hell? You got lucky, man." I was like, "No, you just haven't seen the six years of work I put in to get to this point of exponentialism." So notice how the graph above shows very little progress for the first chunk of time, and then it curves up. Right, every time you switch your business model, your niche or your problem, you reset your consequence trajectory back to zero. This is hugely important. So you're on a trajectory, a positive trajectory, and all you've got to do is stick to it and keep feeding the initial action, right? Just keep on pumping away, keep feeding that thing. If you switch to a different business model, if you switch to a different niche, or you switch the problem that you're helping that niche solve, you immediately reset yourself back to zero. Because think about it, let's say that you're in the consulting business, you give it five months, you get one lousy client and you give up, and you switch to drop shipping. Well, you could have been two months away from getting seven clients. But by switching to drop shipping, now you've got to go through the initial five months of suffering again to even get anywhere remotely near close to where you want to be. And then you're gonna get five months into drop shipping, make a few lousy sales, and then quit and go and do Amazon FBA or something else. This is how people do it, and it's just stupid. Same thing with your niche. You're in a niche, you pick it, four months in, you haven't got a client yet. "Ugh, the niche just sucks." Uh, like instead of blaming the business model, the niche, or the problem, blame yourself, 'cause that's the truth. You know, you switch the niche, and then you, as soon as you switch the niche or the problem, you reset your consequence map back to zero, and you're back to square one. Then all that progress you made, that you didn't, the effect you didn't really see, you're just blind to the, the effect, you've just gone back to zero. And now you've got to go through it all again, and, you know, it's impossible to achieve success without going through this. So don't people into thinking that if you switch to something shinier, that it's gonna happen quickly, 'cause it won't. So don't fucking do it. I know that I'm kind of being a little bit passionate (laughs) with some of my words and the, the, the phrases and the choice of swear words I'm using here, but this is just so important. If I can just, if I can just get you to do one thing, it's just stick to it. All right? Which is why I'm doing this. So some ac- an action item for you. Once again, do this now. Okay? Don't put it off. Don't just watch this thing in two... I know, some of you have. Some, some of you have watched this in two times speed with 100 tabs open. You're probably not even listening right now. Some of you are on your phones, like, I can't help you. You might as well just leave, right? But for those of you that are listening, that have been taking notes, that have been doing the action items, first of all, well fucking done. Congratulations. I am proud of you, and I'm happy that you're doing it. So keep it up, 'cause you're doing very well so far. Okay? So action item, write this down right now, pen and paper, "I promise to myself and Charlie that I will stick with this program and this training. I will stick to consulting, I will stick to the niche I pick, and I will stick to the problem I pick to solve. I understand that I have countless temptations to switch. I will have countless temptations to switch to a different business, niche, or problem, and I will doubt all of these along the way, but I won't listen to all this bullshit, and I will be a person with extremely high stickability and consistency." Okay? So I want you to write this down. And I know it seems trivial, "Oh, he's just getting us to write stuff down, that's not really business." But I just want you to make this agreement with yourself. And if you're doing the action items and you're listening, like, dude, well done, man, woman, whoever you are, person. Like, this is really good work. Like, you're doing, you're, you're, you're, you're unfolding some second order consequences, you know, and I'm, I'm happy that you're doing it, and you should be really happy as well. And, you know, I know that you're not seeing any money in the bank yet. I know we're only, you know, five or six hours into these videos, but...You're doing good so far, man, okay? Woman, person. So summary, so we talked about the consulting foundations, which we defined the five foundations of niche, problem, solution, result, and offer. Um, we put those into a hypothesis and explored that, and then we actually, you know, understood the consulting equation and how that thing works. Discussed honest memory and time, uh, and how that thing happens where, (laughs) you know, remember to remember basically, like, how if you're not careful, like, things are gonna happen in your life and you're gonna forget what h- what made them happen. So if you don't like what you have now, then you can't remember what you did to do it, so you can't stop doing that. And if you have what you want, you can't remember what you did to get what you want, so you stop doing it and then you don't have what you want in the future. (laughs) So we talked about that, which is a bit of a, you know, complicated thing to wrap our heads around. Then we discussed exponential distribution, feedback loops, second-order consequences, obviously the, there are consequence maps, feeder actions, and then obviously last but not least, um, you know, just maintaining that consis- r- just ruthless, dogged consistency over time nonstop, sticking to it, being consistent, feeding the actions, trusting the process, and just biding your time and waiting. And if you've paid attention to this video and you actually do it, um, you're gonna be way more successful than people that haven't, and, um, I'm excited to see that in a year or two from now. So I will see you in the next video. Thanks for watching.