# 1.7. Iterative Renaissance

Hey, everyone. Charlie Morgan here, and welcome to Iterative Renaissance. Now, the Renaissance was a period of history that happened just after the Dark Ages, um, that was believed to have begun in Italy in the 14th century. And basically what happened is, you know, we went through the Dark Ages where lots of bad things happened, you know, to humanity, and then suddenly we had this, um, exponential boom of, uh, creativity and creation and discovery, you know, across not only art, but science. And we made lots of progress real quick in a couple of hundred years. And iterative means to experiment and to test. Now, you might be slightly confused by this title, and you might be wondering, "Charlie, what on earth does, um, iteration and testing and experimenting in science and art have anything to do with me making money as a (laughs) in a consulting business?" Well, it, it has more to do than you could quite possibly imagine. And as I'm sure you've noticed by now, you know, having gone through this, this sort of week one training, (laughs) that things aren't as they seem. And a lot of the time, stuff that you think would be completely irrelevant to business and, um, commercial success are perfectly related. And so, what we're gonna be doing in this video and what I'm gonna be explaining is the, how to use the scientific method to get what you want and to become successful. Now, I need you to sort of see this, um, in the same way that, you know... I don't know if you've ever watched The Karate Kid before. If you haven't, I'll fill you in. But basically, in The Karate Kid there's this kid called Daniel LaRusso, and then there's this, this sort of, you know, um, kung fu/karate mentor, right? And the mentor, um, makes this kid basically... Like, this kid goes to this mentor, and the kid's like, "I want you to teach me karate." And, you know, Mr. Miyagi, the mentor, is like, "Okay, I'll teach you karate. Um, go and wax my cars, (laughs) you know? And go and, like, you know, brush down my, you know, um, my, like, my, my wood floors." And he gets this kid to do all these chores. And the kid does these chores for, like, a few months, and then the kid's like, comes to Mr. Miyagi, and he's like, "I don't want to do these chores. You said you were gonna teach me karate." And then, you know, um, Mr. Miyagi is like, "Show me wax on/wax off." And this kid does the motion with his hand that he would usually, um, that he would use to wax the car. And then Mr. Miyagi tries to punch him, and the kid uses this motion to, to block the punch. And suddenly, in that moment, the kid realizes that the, that he's been learning karate, he's. but he... really what he's been learning are the fundamental movements of, you know, the art, the martial art. And he's been learning karate, but he just didn't realize it. And that's kind of what these videos are, (laughs) is like, eh, you need to know these things and you have to get them. But until the end of this video, you're not gonna really realize why you've had to learn it. And it will become very clear. There's a point in this video where it will just click for you, and by the end of this video, you will see business and success and the world in a completely different way and it will open your eyes. But you have to trust me and, you know, you have to kind of believe me, like (laughs) I'm gonna... We're gonna go through some shit that you probably would think in a million years is completely irrelevant to business, but it is. I'm not gonna teach you something you don't need to know. And there's gonna come a point in this video where you kind of think, "Oh, goddamn, I get why he's taught this to me." Okay? You're gonna have, like, that sort of epiphany. So, that's the justification for the strange title. Here's what we're gonna cover. And once again, you're gonna look at this and be like, "What?" But trust me. So, first of all, we're gonna explain what iteration is. Modeling evolution, DNA, applied evolutionary biology, the scientific method, macro versus micro iteration, iterating towards goal, measuring experimental outcomes, metrics, asymmetry. And then we're gonna get into the scientific method in a little bit more detail, um, so I've kind of put it here twice. Um, but we're gonna sort of explain what it is, and then later on we'll explain how to do it. And then variation. So, without further ado, here we are. So, welcome to Iterative Renaissance. Here, we will boil success down to a simple scientific modeling formula and explore how to execute on it. And this is of extreme importance, okay? I cannot, I cannot... I know I keep saying this and I keep saying everything's important, but you gotta get this right. So, what is iteration? Well, iteration simply basically means gradual change over time. Now, your progress in business is going to be gradual. It's not going to be overnight or sudden. You're not gonna wake up tomorrow with a six-figure income. It's just not gonna happen. Now, you might wake up in a year or two with a six-figure income, but you're gonna get there gradually over time, one little bit at a time. It's the same way as if you're trying to run a marathon. You can't do it in a minute. Might take you four hours, you know, three hours, six hours, I don't know. But the only way to win in business and the only way to make progress is iteration. And every single thing that you observe that is good has typically come aga- come around or come about because of iteration. And so, here are some examples of things that have been iterated to get to where they are today. So, for example, democracy. You know, as a, as a species, mm, since the birth of civilization all of, you know, three/4000 years ago, depending on which hos- historian you ask, we've experimented with lots and lots of different, um, societal structures. You know, we've, we've, we've given Ancient Greek democracy a go. The Romans had a different idea with the Senate and the Republic, and then we've had dictatorships and communism. Like, we've, we've really played around with this democracy thing. And in the West, you know, de- democracy as we know it seems to function to a degree. And, you know, that's the result of lots and lots of iteration over, you know, (laughs) like, thousands of years of civilizationAnother example is the iPhone. So, you know, when you look at your, the phone you have in your pocket, it's kind of a marvel of engineering and brilliance. And, like, that thing didn't look like that when they first started making the iPhone, you know? I've got the example down here. Like, the iPhones that we know and love now, like, they are leaps and bounds ahead of what they were at the beginning. But the only reason that they can be leaps and bounds ahead of what they were at the beginning is because they've had many, many different iterants and, and different variants as they've progressed. And Homo sapiens, so humans. You know, we, we didn't just, you know, come into existence one day. Well, maybe we did depending on which religious tex- text you ask, but that's up to you, up to you to decide. But from an evolutionary standpoint, um, you know, human beings, like, we've, we've been iterated over time. We've, if you believe the evolutionary theories, which I do, then, um, you know, you've, we've evolved and we've changed. And so this is kind of the nature of evolution. Like, everything that exists has gradually, you know, changed over time to become unrecognizable to what it was in the beginning. Because if you took an iPhone 16 and you compared it to the first iPhone ever made, you, you wouldn't even put them in the same... they, they don't even look like the same product. And exactly the same premise that if you go to a zoo and you look at a monkey in a zoo and you look at yourself in the mirror, you're not gonna see much resemblance. But you came from that, if that makes sense. And that iPhone came from that. And also cars. Like, you know, we started off with horses, and now we've got, you know, um, Teslas that, you know, can do 0 to 60 in, like, 2.5 seconds or something. Like, that's a lot of iteration to get there. And modern medicine as well, like, you know, um, like tablets, and, and pills, and antibiotics. Like, this has all been a result of one big test, and also everything else. Like (laughs), you know, everything else that you use and see in the modern world, um, has been iterated over time. So, what is iteration and, and how does it work? Because it is an incredibly powerful process. It is the process. And it's, you can, you can interchange the word iteration with evolution, but it's kind of the same thing. But really to understand and apply iteration to business, we do need to dive into evolution, which is basically the most powerful iterative pro- process on the planet. Like, evolution as a, as a force, as like a march of nature, is the thing that drives iteration. Now this is gonna be a bit of an abstract ride, and it's not gonna make sense at points, but it will, and we will come full circle, and everything will be clear in due course. So bear with me, strap yourself in, and let's get into it. So modeling evolution. So understanding evolution makes you a force to be reckoned with in business. Now, yes, I'm referring to evolution in the same way that your, you know, science teacher would. Um, we're talking about the survival of, well, it's not actually the survival of the fittest. People don't really understand that. But in, in biology, in evolutionary biology, the term fitness or fittest refers to the ability to reproduce and survive. And so when we say survival of the fittest, from a proper biological standpoint, you're referring to survival of those who have the likelihood to reproduce. Fittest itself, though people think that it means, like, being fit and healthy, not true, okay? Anyway, there's a myth, little myth-busting for you. So, in biology, evolution is the force that drives organisms to adapt to their environment and change generation to generation over time And this force is known as natural selection. So here's how natural selection works in a nutshell. So organisms of a species exist in an environment, and these organisms have different traits, and they differ slightly. So the s- the species will, you know, the same organisms, but they, they have slightly different traits. In the same way that, you know, you're a human and your best friend is a human, but you look different, but you kind of are the same thing. And so this is called variation. Traits are physical characteristics that are determined by genes. So you have your genetic genotype, you have your DNA, and your best friend has his or her DNA. And you share the same DNA because you're of the same species, but there's slight variations throughout that, you know, genetic code that make you look different, and therefore you have different traits. So your friend might have blonde hair. You might have black hair. Or your f- your friend might be six foot tall, and you might be, you know, um, five foot 10, you know? Some traits are better adapted to the environment than others, and so when we have different traits, uh, among a species, some members of that species have better traits. So, the example I've given here is if we've got a population of mice, and this is mice of the same species, well some mice of this species might have the genetic code for black fur, and other, uh, mice of this species might have a genetic code for brown fur. And so, the black, um, mice in this instance with black fur have a advantage. They are better adapted to the environment because the rocks that they live on are black, and therefore they are camouflaged. And so, what this means is that the brown, um, mice, you know, the ones with the brown fur, are more likely to be predated, are more likely to be predated on, tripping over my own words here, and therefore are less likely to survive. And so we would consider the black mice more adapted. And the organisms with the better adapted traits are more likely to survive, obviously. And then the organisms that are more likely to survive are more likely to reproduce, and this is called fitness Now, the cool thing about reproduction is that, um, well, there's, there's, there's a few things about it. The first thing is that the traits that enable better survival get passed down to the offspring. And so, if more black mice are surviving because they're being predated on less by the bird, because they're, they're black mice on a black rock and they're not brown, then they're gonna reproduce more. More of these are gonna reproduce. And what that means is we're gonna get more black mice, because they're gonna pass on their genetic traits. And we're gonna repeat this over millions of years and thousands of generations to, you know, get the species that we know and love and familiar with today. And, you know, so for example, um, the modern day elephant that you'll, you should be familiar with, um, you know, whether it's in India or Africa, like, they evolve from, um, like, mammoths and different families of mammoths. And over time, you know, nature decided that the length of their trunk would be a certain length and they'd be these massive animals that you can't even, like, penetrate with a bullet. Um, well, maybe that's not true actually, but you know what I mean. Like, all of these traits that they have, like the thick skin and the, all of this stuff have been evolved over time to suit the environment. And so this is kind of it in a nutshellA population of mice have moved into a new area where the rocks are dark. Due to natural genetic variation, some are black and others are tan. Tan mice are more visible to birds than black mice and predatory birds. Therefore, tan mice are eaten at higher frequency than black mice, and only the, um, surviving mice are obviously gonna reach the reproductive age and leave offspring, and because black mice have a higher chance of leaving offspring than tan mice, the next generation contains a higher fraction of black mice than the previous generation. And this is how it works. So, the environment sets the conditions for survival and the organism must adapt itself accordingly. Now, you might notice, this is kind of how I've taught you to come up with your niche and create everything so far. Like, the niche and the market sets the conditions and we must adapt ourselves to it. You cannot, like, create your offer and th- the problem and the solution around yourself and what you think is best for you. You have to do it around the market, in the same way that if you're a mouse living on a black rock, you better make sure that (laughs) you- you've got black fur and not brown fur. You might want... You might prefer to have brown fur and be like, "Oh, this brown fur looks way better on me," but you're gonna get eaten and die. And I don't know about you, but I'd rather, you know... I'd rather not have that happen to me, so there you go. So, the environment sets the conditions for survival, and variation, which is basically just a result of the random mutation of genes, creates the genotype. So at a genetic level, your DNA or the DNA of an organism randomly mutates. So during the reproductive process, you have the, you know, the, the, the male and the female, um, you know, however controversial that might be to say these days. You have the male and the female, um, reproductive, like, uh, cells. They merge together and they fuse and then a new genetic code is created that has a lot of affinity to its parents, but is slightly different, which is why you don't look identical to your parents, right? And so this, this becomes the genotype which creates traits. So if your mum's got blue eyes and your dad's got blue eyes and, you know, they reproduced and you, you're a result of that, then you're probably gonna have blue eyes and therefore you have the trait of blue eyes as a result of your genotype, okay? Now, you could have brown eyes and there could be some random mutation happening, you know, from, from the, um, from the reproduction. So yeah, that's that. Now, traits, which are physical characteristics and sometimes can also be behaviors, create adaptability. So, how adapted you are is determined solely by what traits that you have. So for example, a trait of these mice is the color of their fur, and adaptability creates fitness. So, remember when we said survival of the fittest? Like, it's not fittest. Like, it's not about which mouse has the lowest resting heart rate and is the fastest and can lift the most weight, (laughs) you know, and bench press the most. Though that's a funny thought. It's about whether or not they can actually survive, okay? Like how fit are they to the environment? Do they fit the environment, basically? Fitness creates reproduction, and reproduction creates iteration. And iteration, which is basically just defined as a small change in a positive direction, creates evolution. So obviously, nature doesn't recognize sentiment. Nature doesn't give a shit about the mouse, you know, and, and anything. So when I say positive, I'm referring to this in a sense that we are making progress, but the only progress nature recognizes is progress itself. It doesn't care if it... what it has to kill or take over. You know, it's kind of ruthless like that. So, that's basically the process of evolution. And, you know, another example I can give you here are these little, um, little butterflies. So let's say we've got some butterflies of the same species, you know, we've, we've got, um, we've got the, the blue ones and we've got the red ones, and, you know, the blue ones are gonna create more blue ones with different, slightly different variants of blue, and the same with the red ones. They're gonna create slightly different ones. And who knows, you know, if, if the blue one and the red one mated, then maybe we'd get, um, a purple butterfly, you know And basically, the thing about, um, nature is we have limited resources, so all organisms in a species are fighting for limited resources, which is basically food, habitat, and mates. And so the, uh, butterflies that are better adapted will have better access to habitat, better access to food, and better access to mates to produce offspring, and therefore, you know, the traits that are preferable to the environment will be selected for and accordingly will be passed down to their offspring. Now, to understand this in a little bit more detail, it does help to just take a quick look at DNA and what that is. So you should be, you shou- you should be familiar with the term, but DNA is essentially a biological or chemical molecule that carries genetic information for the development and functioning of an organism, okay? It can be observed as a string of information combined together, um, that basically codes for the organism. So in the same way that if you think about computer programming, and let's say that you're, let's say that you want to program a game. Well, you'd write, you know, you'd write tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands of, millions of line of p- lines of code to create that game, and it's kind of the same thing where your DNA is like a big line of code that basically is pretty... It, it's, it's basically like a binary structure, which means that there's, you've got... I'm not gonna get into it actually. I'm not gonna confuse you, 'cause you kind of understand the premise. (laughs) I could talk about it for hours, but it's wonderful, but basically, you know, it, it, it codes for you or it codes for the organism, right? Now, it's way more complicated than that, but, you know, I don't need to com- complicate this too much Now, DNA is passed from one generation to another of a species via reproduction to offspring. Now, a species is a class of organisms with the same kind of name, right? Um, of the same kind with the same name, rather. So for example, we are homo sapiens. We belong to the species Homo sapien. That's our, you know, taxonomy. Now, organisms of a species have, um, physical and behavioral affinity, which means they're broadly similar. So for example, you know, if you observe elephants, that's like a species, right? Now, organisms have DNA, and this DNA codes for traits which are physical and behavioral attributes of an organism. For example, some traits for a human being could be eye color or height or being born with certain diseases or the, you know, the structure of your bones. So, you know, whether or not someone is born with a really sharp jawline or not, or whether or not someone's born with a certain metabolism, or whether or not someone's born with, um, sickle cell disease, or whether or not someone's, like, seven foot is gonna come down to the DNA and the random mutation of that DNA during the reproductive process, okay? Now, organisms obviously reproduce to create offspring, and we can see how DNA works here. So you, you basically have your body. Your body's made up of, like, lots and lots of these little things called cells. Inside of the cell, at a very, very small level, you have these things called chromosomes, and these are basically fractal pieces of inf- like, they're fractal structures that basically contain the genetic code that just creates you, and you'll have different ones for different cells. Now, during the reproductive process, the DNA of a male and female is combined and randomly mutates, as I've kind of explained. This makes the offspring similar to but slightly different from its descendants, and this is called descent with modification So, you know, you're, y- you're... You know, when a woman and a man love each other very much, (laughs) you know, together they go and things happen and sparks fly and then a baby happens, right? And that baby will be slightly different to its parents, but it will still have similarities to its parents, and that's called descent with modification. And this is called variation, whereby all organisms of a species slightly differ, and it's really important that this happens because, like, the only ... only way that evolution can work and iteration can happen and life can actually exist is if there's variation, because what variation does is it accounts for change. So if you've got, you know, if you've got 10, uh, let's just say you've got 10,000 insects or ants, I can use the ant example, if you've got 10,000 ants, you want them all to be slightly different from each other, because then you've got 10,000 different... You've hedged 10,000 different ways. And so if the, if the environment changes, there's 10,000 different variants that you can, that basically can be tested, and that way the species continues. If everything is the same and we have, you know, what we, what you'd know in, um, in farming as monoculture or in, or in genetics as, um, being homogenous, I think that's the word, where everything's the same, then one change can wipe out the entire species. And so this is basically called being antifragile or being a little bit more robust, where variation is- is just the key to evolution, because without it, one change can wipe out an entire species. Um, and this is why we differ. This is why all humans are different. It's why all s- uh, organisms, at least observable ones, are slightly different in terms of size, in terms of traits, 'cause if you don't, one change comes along and it's goodnight. So even identical twins have slight mutations that make them differ. They're not, you know, they might look identical, but, uh, they're still gonna have different things 'cause they're not carbon copies of each other, you know? They might sound different. They might look slightly different. So what I want you to do is... This is, I know we're in the weird biological abstraction stage, and I promise I will bring it back to business and everything will make sense, but we need to understand this, because I'm gonna bring this into business in a second and it's gonna blow your mind. So what I want you to do is think of organisms as made up of components. Now component is not a biological term used to describe what an organism is, but it's, just for the sake of simplicity, let's just pretend that it is. So these components are made up of more components, and the components that make up the components are made up of even more components, which are determined by DNA. Now, that might sound a little bit confusing, so allow me the liberty of, um, blowing your mind. Well, I hope- hopefully I can do that, with some slides. Now we're gonna use the example of an ant here, and I've got a diagram of an ant. So this is an organism of the species, let's just say Morgan ant, okay? And what we can see is the ant is made up of these different components. It's got different parts of its body. It's not just this, uh, th- like ant is the collective term we use to describe the aggregate of all of these components, right? So let's look at how things change and evolve from a, um, from the perspective of a diagram, okay? So, okay, I'm gonna draw this point home for you. So here you can see an ant, okay? There's black ant, and this is an ant belonging to the Morgan ant species, okay? It's a species of ant called the Morgan ant species. Sounds kinda cool, I know. I definitely didn't name it myself. Now this ant exists in an environment which sets the conditions for survival and reproduction, and so, you know, you can see here we've got this... I'm just gonna zoom out slightly. Uh, okay. So we've got the environment being the leaf, and the environment is basically setting the conditions for survival, okay? Now, the Morgan ant is made up of observable physical components, and these components are known as level one variables, and a variable is something that if you modify it, modifies the whole thing And so what that means is that if you slightly modified one of these level one variables or components, then you would slightly modify the ant. So the ant is the macro and it contains things, it's like a shell, you know, and it, and then it, the ant is broken up into head, upper body, mid-body, lower body. And so, you know, when we look at our diagram of what an ant is, we've got the head here, then we've got the, you know, the upper body, we've got the mid-body, and we've got the lower body. Obviously we've got the legs and the antenna and stuff, but I'm keeping this simple, okay? So ants made up of components. Now, here's where it gets interesting, because these components are then also made up of components. So level one variables, which are the big things, are made up of level two variables, and these are smaller, more specific components that are basically added together under a branch to make the larger component to make the ant. Now here's the cool thing. If you wanna change the ant, you modify the level two variable, because when you modify the level two variable, then you modify the level one variable and therefore you modify the ant. And I promise I'm going somewhere with this, so just bear with me for a second. Here's where it gets even, even cooler. So below level two variables, we have level three variables, and level three variables are basically characteristics of level two variables that determine how they manifest in the organism So if you modify a level three variable, which is all you can modify, then you slightly modify the level two variable, and therefore the level one variable, and therefore the ant. So the way that things change and the way that iteration and evolution happens naturally speaking, is on a very small level. So for example, if I said to you, um, you know, "Let's change, like I want to evolve this ant and I want to change the way that its head looks." It's like, well, which part of its head are you going to change? Oh, I know, I want to change the eyes. Well, what about the eyes are you going to change? Oh, I'm gonna change the width. So whenever we want to make a change anywhere, we have to bring it back to the smallest things possible and understand the relationship between those small things, the things that they make up, the things that those things make up, and so on and so forth. And evolution doesn't... Like an ant's head doesn't just change color, like a specific part will, and it- it- it, there's, and this is such a simplistic, reductionistic understanding of how an ant works. I looked into the anatomy of an ant for about three days to, to figure this thing out for you. Trust me, it was not fun and it's way more complex than this, but there's, there's literally..... thousands of these little level three variables that can be changed, a, a, a tiny little molecular level to change the ant, but I can't really fit that on the diagram, and I'm sure you're not that interested. So, we're keeping it simple. Now, here's where things get even more interesting. DNA, right? DNA contains the genetic information that contains the code for the level three variables. And different parts of the DNA chain code for different level three variables. All organisms of the same species have similar DNA, but slight variations, meaning no organism has totally identical level three variable combinations, but they'll be quite similar. So, in case you haven't been able to sort of gather by now, level three variables that we can see here are essentially the traits. Okay? They are the traits of the components of the components of the organism. And the DNA is the genetic information. And different parts of the DNA, as, as, as dictated or, um, demonstrated here by these sort of like little branched node models, different parts of the genetic code code for different, um, traits and different level three variables. And so, for example, if we changed, um, this part of the DNA here, um, like right here, then we might be changing the size of the ant's coxa, which is, um, this part of its mid-body here. And, you know, you, you change the ant ever so slightly. And so, what we've got on the right-hand side here is a diagram to demonstrate this. So, the DNA codes for the level three variables and makes up the level three variables. Okay? So, the shape of the eyes of the ant is determined by an ever so slight shift in the DNA of the, of the, of the information. Or the, the information DNA. And the level three variables, they kind of make up the level two variables. And the level two variables, well, they make up the level one variables. And if we combine all the level one variables, then we get the organism that, uh, uh, as we know it. And so, things are shells (laughs). You know, you know when you hear about, like, shell companies? And I'm not talking about the energy company, I'm talking about, like, these big holding companies. So, like, for example, um, in, in economics, we've got a, a company called BlackRock, um, one of the most famous companies. BlackRock owns, um, like, all of, like ... BlackRock owns basically everything, so it owns all of these big, like, um, companies. And all these big companies own all these brands. And all these brands own these subsidiaries. And all these subsidiaries own more subsidiaries. And so it's kind of like a shell structure, in the sense that we have the big thing that contains the little things, that contain smaller things, that contain smaller things. This is called macro/micro thinking. And the reason I'm demonstrating this from, from the perspective of an ant is because when I, when I bring this in and translate it to business, it will just click for you like that, 'cause you have already seen it from a way more understandable perspective. And so, the cool thing is that, you know, if we want to change an ant, then what we need to do is we need to introduce something called variance or variation. And so, there are infinite numbers, um, really. Well, maybe it's not infinite exactly, but, you know, uh, philosophically speaking, it's pretty infinite, right? There are an infinite amount of DNA variants and combinations that could mutate into an organism's genetic code to change the way that these variables appear at the level three level. Um, and so, this is kind of cool, because, you know, the variants that you can see at the bottom here, there are, and there's- th- they are endless. And so, you know, this ant can be slightly tweaked, uh, just on a s- such a small level, something as small as eye shape, or something as small as, you know, an ever so slight shift in the color of its antenna. And according to that shift and that slight mutation and variation, it could become slightly more adaptable, and that genetic code could be passed on to offspring. And this is how it works, right? Now, let me just throw a bit of a spanner in the works here. So, what you can see in the top right is the leaf color has changed. So, we've gone from a brown leaf to a yellow leaf. And what this now means is that the environment has changed. And, you know, environments like to do this. (laughs) Those bloody pesky things, boy do they like to change. And so, the environment's changed. We've gone from brown leaf to, to yellow leaf. And so, for example, let's say that the, um, environment this ant lives in, um, is, you know, on, on a tree, and a nearby farm pollutes the river that usually would provide the water for the tree. And, you know, the pollution mutates the genetic code of the tree, which turns or bleaches its leaves and turns its leaves yellow. And so, the ant now finds itself on yellow leaves, right? Now, here's where it gets kind of cool. So, let's say that one specific ant of the Morgan ant species is born, you know, or hatched, because I think they come out of eggs, right? I don't know if they're mammals. With a slight mutation. So, in this, in this new ant's genetic code is an ever so slight mutation that gives ascent to a more yellowish lower body. Just slightly. It's not gonna be a huge change, 'cause it's only like one variation. But let's say that there's a random mutation, okay? At this level. And what this does is this changes the color code or the color of the, um, postpetle, which is the bulbous part of the lower body of the ant, making it yellow. And therefore, we have a, a version two of part of the lower body. And therefore, we have a version two of the lower body. And what that means is that this ant is now going to appear physically different from the rest of the ants. It's less likely to be predated upon, due to the fact that it's now more camouflaged on the new leaf color. And what this means is that this yellow lower body, this, this sort of version two of the Morgan ant, is now better adapted, ever so slightly, to the new change in environment. And what this means is that this ant has a better chance of survival, because it's less likely to be eaten by birds, or it's less likely to be, you know, predated on because of the camouflage. Therefore, it has a higher chance of, you know, passing on its genetic code to the, the, the queen ant or however the, however the hell those things work, right? And, you know, therefore, a new version emerges. And before you know it, after plenty of reproduction and, you know, um, generations, this trait will spread throughout the entire species, because it's preferable and it's better adapted. Okay? And so, this is an example of how organisms change. It, it just, it's the case where the environment changes, we get a random mutation.It changes one small part, which changes a part of that part, which changes a part of that part of that part, therefore the entire thing, okay? And this is how adaptation works. Now, let's say that we've now got version two of this ant with a, with a slightly, you know, yellow lower body. And let's say that there's another random mutation, you know, this time in the DNA code for the color of the antenna, okay? So, another pretty small component, right? Now, you know, what's gonna happen if there's another random mutation here is, you know, we're gonna get a different color of antenna, okay? So, now we've got version two of the, um, color under the antenna, which means we've got version two of the antenna, which means we've got a brand new head version. So, like, it's kind of like, you know how games get updated, and it's like we've got, you know, we've got a new head update? (laughs) That's kind of how this thing works, right? And what this does is now we've got yellow antennae as opposed to black antennae, you can see here, and this now creates version three of the Morgan ant. And so, slowly over time, through this random mutation and through these small changes up through the chain of, um, you know, this, this macro, um, structure, we get change, and we get new variants and we get new versions and good things happen. Now, let me just pull this up. Okay. So, this is how all organisms have come to be, and it's called iteration. Now, it's natural selection, it's evolution, but ultimately, this is iteration. It's where we go from one version to the next version in a way that is positive in sentiment or by making progress. This is a gradual slow change in a positive direction. Every single organism that you observe in the natural world is the result of millions of years of iteration, just like that example I gave you. And what's cooler is that this is still going on right now. You can't observe it because in your lifetime, you know, human, we're not even gonna change at all. Maybe like, we'll get, like there's a theory for, for human beings that, um, that states that like, we are going to be natu- Like, there's a theory for human beings that height is going to be naturally selected for a- and, and in, in, if we survive this long, in tens of thousands or hundreds of thousands of years to come, which is a, uh, a pretty, would be a pretty interesting thing, the idea is that, you know, it's gonna be easier for us to survive and reproduce if we're taller because as the planet heats up, if, you know, with, with the climate change thing, if that happens, then it's gonna be easier for us to disperse heat through our bodies if we're taller. And so, what some scientists think we're gonna observe, naturally over the course of lots and lots of generations throughout humans, is humans are gradually gonna get taller and taller and taller because that's more preferable to heat dispersion. Now, whether we believe that or not is up to discussion. But you get the point, right? The environment changes, accordingly we must change with it. And so this is how everything's come to be. If you look out your window right now and you see like, a tree, you should probably salute that tree because that thing's been, that's like the perfect tree (laughs) for the environment that it's in. It's been mutated and changed over and over again and, you know, it's the same thing with like, any animal that you see, okay? Now, this is where, this, this kind of diagram demonstrates this point pretty well because you can see we've, we've gone, he- here we've gone from the Morgan ant to like, a brand new species basically. And a, as a species, like it, when it, when it becomes completely unrecognizable or significantly unrecognizable from its previous descendant, it becomes a new species. In the same way that, you know, we've gradually evolved from, um, before homo sapiens we had a, we had a, a taxon- taxonomy, uh, taxonomic? Yeah. Well, our taxonomy before was homo erectus which I know sounds a little bit comical, but homo erectus was basically the pre-homo sapien, um, one of the pre-homo sapien stages that basically determined like, monkey standing on hind legs. And homo erectus was one of, one of the first organisms to have something called bipedal locomotion, which bipedal mo- locomotion was a trait that basically stated that monkey can stand on two legs, and monkey can nearly run, and monkey can walk on two legs. And this gave us access to our arms and, and therefore we could start to stand up and, you know, d- then we could start using tools and, you know, you, our brains were developed to use these tools and that's how the brain adapted And so the point is, is that we are homo sapiens, however we evolve from homo erectus, but we got to a point in our evolutionary history where we looked so different and we had such different traits from homo erectus that we classified ourselves as a different species. Now, species classification is an abstraction which means that it does not really real, we've just named it, right? But still, the principle applies here. And so if we applied, you know, hundreds of thousands of years to the Morgan ant, we'd get something that looks completely different, and the reason we get something that looks completely different is because over the course of hundreds of thousands of years, the environment won't be the same, the, uh, the, the only constant is change, the, the environment's not gonna be static, it's gonna change. So, if you apply enough time and enough mutation, and therefore enough iteration, an entirely new species can emerge. Okay? So like I said earlier, with the iPhone 16, it's like a different, it's almost like a different phone to the original iPhone. It's got some affinity but, you know, goddamn. Like, for example, the iPad is similar to the iPhone but it looks different, and therefore it's called an iPad, not an iPhone. In the same way that a MacBook is not the same as a Mac. Like, they're made by the same company and they run on the same operating software but they look so different that Apple have to, you know, separate them in name. Right? Um, and so yeah, tha- that's kind of an ex- explanation. So, as the environment changes over hundreds of thousands of years, the organisms, might not be hundreds of thousands, could be tens of thousands or just thousands, but the organisms continue to adapt and before you know it you have something brand new that's not recognizable to its ancestor And so what we can see here, you know, for the Morgan ant, this, this, this would no longer be the Morgan ant species but this could be version 373,248. Now, that's a bit extreme but my point here is that all of this DNA is gonna change and we're gonna get different variants of length, toxicity here, color changes three times, you know. And this is what happens when you times all these experiments together, because we've got the head has gone through 48 variations, the upper body has gone through 24 variations, the mid-body has gone through 18 variations, and the lower body's gone through 18 variations. And, you know, if you times all these together you should get this number. I think that doesn't look right but I think that's right, maybe it's not, but you get the point, right? If, if you times four by six by two, we get 48, and so if we go through four e- variations of eyes, six variations of an antenna, and you know, four, and th- two variations of pincer, then you know we've, we've, we've been through 48 different iterations of head component, right? And you know the head component contributes to the ant, and if you, you know, put all these things together then you get this f- this variant of the ant. And so what we can start doing and what we can learn to do is placing this sort of version thing next to everything. And so everything has a version and the version depends on how many experimental tests have been run or how many iterations have actually been completed. Um, and so this might be version three where we've got a slightly different color of body and a slightly different, you know, type of antenna, different color of antenna, but this could be version 300,000 where like now we've got 70 legs. (laughs) You know, like, you know, we've got pincers on the back and we've got brown spots and now we're releasing toxic chemicals and killing spiders and, you know, like, it, the, the thing just completely changes And so nature shuffles one variable at a time over a very long period of time to find the organism that is as near perfect as possible to the environment and its conditions. And natural selection and evolution iteration, the- these are beautiful ideas. Like, I, in case you can't tell, I get a little bit passionate when I talk about them. I think they're fucking awesome. Um, and if you want.. ... understand this and you, you-- if you really get this, and you really get to grips with this, it makes you an absolute weapon and force to be reckoned with in business because, uh, well, I can explain. I'll give you, I'll give you some u- understanding, okay? (inhales deeply) So that's basically th- the biology lesson in a nutshell. Uh, there's gonna be a little bit more we have to discuss, but you need to understand this because now we're gonna talk about how to actually apply this. So, applied evolutionary biology. So now that you have a basic understanding of evolution, we can actually put it to some use. So, you know, we've, we've gone through the wax on/wax off and now I'm gonna tell you to, you know, show me how to paint the fence and you're gonna block a kick or something, right? So, you need to learn to see your business as a living organism with DNA, traits, variation, et cetera, et cetera. So when you look at business, you need to see it in the same way that you'd see a biological structure. So what I mean by this is, when we refer to environment in business, this is the market, so your niche, your competitors. The market is basically the sum of every individual human, um, interaction. Every, on- o- at every level. Competitors, customers, you know, et cetera, right? And so when we look at the, when we look at the market, well, really, you exist in an environment. In the same way that an ant exists on a tree, if the tree changes and it changes color, the ant must, too, change color. Otherwise it will die. In the same way that you exist in a market and if that market changes, you must adapt and change accordingly. And, you know, in biology, we have this term variation, which is used to denote the, um, well, basically variety and, and having the variety to be, you know, anti-fragile. And, and in business, this is new ideas, new tests, you know, new things, new, new experiments, right? Genotype, DNA. This is the information used to create all of the variables in your business. So when you're creating, um, your business and when you're creating your offer and your avatar and your, you know, cold email systems and your sales scripts and your products, like, you're using information to do that. You're coding your business, in essence. And so when I, when you go through the offer training and, you know, I've given you all of the components of an offer, you know, you're using your understanding of your market and your bu- and me and, you know, and this, this program to code for an offer. And the, th- you're, you're coding for a trait, so an offer in your business is like a trait, and that trait is going to be tested against the market and the environment. And if it's a good trait, if it's, you know, if it, if it actually works, then the market's gonna respond accordingly. You're gonna get customers and that way you know that the genetic code of your business, this information you use to code the offer, is accurate and appropriate. And we're gonna talk more about that in a second. Now the traits are the characteristics of your business. So for example, if you have a great product, then that means that you've got a good trait. And so for example, you know, eh, the Imperium Academy here, with this, with this program, in this academy, um, maybe it sucks, I don't know. I hope it doesn't suck, right? But, but I think, uh, with a bit of luck, this is a great product, right? And the only reason it's a great product is because I have access to the information to make it. So the DNA of this product is my decade-long experience making money online and teaching thousands of people to do it, and doing it myself. And so, you know, I can code for a pretty damn good trait here. Now, another trait you could have is bad customer support, so if you don't have the information available to you on how to accurately and properly support your customers, then you're going to code for bad support, and one of the traits of your business would be bad support. And so the way that we fix all of the problems in business is by, as I mentioned earlier on in, in previous videos, seeking out critical information and finding information that's appropriate and, you know, coding that into your business and seeing that code manifest as a trait, testing that trait and therefore evolving, okay? In the same way that, you know, if an ant had the ability to, you know, actually look at the leaf, you know, if, if the ant was like, "Oh, shit. You know, my b- this leaf is now yellow, I'm just gonna quickly change to being yellow." Like, if it could do that, then, you know, it would, (laughs) it would evolve way faster and ants would probably take over the world. And this is exactly why humans have taken over the world. And it's exactly why we are the top dogs and we are the, the most prevalent species and we are at the top of the food chain in every way, is because we have consciousness and we have the ability to change (snaps fingers) like that. We have the ability to mold and adapt ourselves by using our brains and our consciousness. And that makes us ... And we, we can't do that on a biological level, you know, if there's a radioactive fallout and we have a nuclear winter, I can't just go into ... Well, maybe we can eventually, but I, I can't at the moment just go into my genetic code and code for, you know, nuclear, um, resistance. Like, but what I can do is I can look at my business and I can use my brain and my conscious mind to seek information to find new variants that I think would be appropriate and adaptable to the environment. Like, when you get this idea, you just fucking get it, and like, it will change the way you look at business and it will make you so much money, okay? So, anyway, so adaptability is your business fitting the market better and having traits that make it grow. Fitness is your business actually making money and being profitable. So, you know, in, in, in biological terms, fitness refers to an organism actually having the (laughs) ability to, you know, reproduce and having the right traits. But in business, it's like, are we actually making money? And then reproduction, this actually happens in business, so this is other businesses copying your business traits. So by watching this, um, video and by going through this program, like, I am essentially, like, reproducing, like, y- your business is going to be offspring of my ideas. And that's fine and that's appropriate and you want that to happen because I've tested my ideas and I've tested my business traits and the way that I think about business, and I've made it work, and I've, I've made tens ... I've made nearly $30 million at this point (laughs) with these ideas. And so what I'm doing...... is you can now copy those traits and put them into your business in exactly the same way that an organism would sort of reproduce and, you know, come together and pass down to his offspring. So your business is a sort of offspring of mine, and you're gonna go and find new things that work, and then people are gonna copy you, and this is how, you know, we see this evolution over time. And so iteration is the gradual change of your business over time in a positive direction. And this is basically evolution. And my business has been through thousands of iterations to get to the point where, you know, I can make, you know, a million dollars a month, well, actually it's kind of more at this point as of me recording this, um, and have, you know, these, these 50, 60% profit margins and, you know, basically just make an obscene amount of money at a young age. Like it's just, I've just iterated thousands of times and now I've found this sort of organism or a type of species that's just so perfectly adapted to the environment that it's just, it's ridiculous, and sometimes I have to pinch myself, but I'm sharing that with you. So in the same way that a species would develop and organisms would survive by natural selection, the same thing is true in business with business variables. So you know how we talked about this with the, with the black mice and the tan mice? Well, it's kind of the same thing. What the market selects, right? So the business exists in the market. All businesses have different traits, like different products, different marketing, different teams, different cultures. And traits are characteristics of the business which are determined by the available information that the founder has, which is why the quality of your business is determined by the quality of information you have available to you. And some traits are better adapted to the market than others. So for example, if I have a better product than you, then I'm better adapted to the market than you because that's a trait that the market's gonna reward. And the businesses with the better adapted traits the more likely to survive, which basically means they actually make profit and, you know, the, the founder doesn't quit. And the businesses that are more likely to profit are more likely to be copied or emulated, and the traits, um, the traits from these successful businesses get passed down to new businesses, and then these new businesses are gonna slightly vary on the ones prior to them, and then they're gonna repeat. And, and so this is how natural selection works in business, and this is how we get these really unique and super powerful business models that come out of, you know, seemingly nowhere, but typically have taken, you know, decades to sort of, um, develop. And, you know, this is kind of what happened with drop shipping, this is what happened with consulting, this is what's happening with school at the moment. Pretty interesting. And if you don't believe me, well, that's literally the process underpinning this entire program. (laughs) Like, you know, this program is about to unleash a massive evolutionary wave of how to run this sort of online consulting business this lean, hungry, mean, like, you know, six or seven-figure consulting business, and I'm literally doing this, I'm forcing natural selection into the market with this, and it's gonna, the market's gonna reward me, um, over and over again accordingly So here's where this gets interesting, because now you might actually, you, you might be thinking, "Charlie, just, just get to the point." So I'm gonna. So let's now visualize how a consulting business evolves. So in the same way that an ant, with this PDF that you can click on here, th- in the same way that we can see what an ant is made up of and how this thing would evolve with time, we can do the exact same thing with business. So if I just pull these slides up here, okay, and we come up here. So in the same way, you kind of recognize this diagram, right? So just like an organism, a business in version one exists in an environment which sets the conditions for survival. Now, the two primary conditions of the environment that you find yourself in are your niche and the problem that you're solving for your niche, and these are always present and always changing, right? So the problem might ever so slightly shift or the niche might change, not in the sense that, you know, you're changing the problem, you're changing the niche, but the needs of the niche are gonna shift and, you know, you're gonna have to adapt. And so in the same way that an ant exists on a tree, a business exists in an environment, and the environment sets the conditions for survival. Now, here's where it gets kind of cool. So just like an organism, a business is made up of components. Business as a term, or that's my business, if you, if you point to something, you're pointing to a selection of components. Like business is like a term that we use to tidily aggregate different systems together. Like a business doesn't really exist, it's just a word we use to, to make some, to bring some order to the chaos that is this string of components And so a business is made up of components, and these components are foundations or macro systems, okay? They are known as level one variables. And really, in your company, and I've actually mapped these out for you, these are the main, um, components. So you have your avatar, right, which is basically, you know, your understanding of your niche and, and fleshing that thing out, and you have your offer, which is what you're actually offering to people. Then you have your outbound process, which basically refers to how you get customers using outbound methods like cold email, cold calling or cold DM, and don't worry, you haven't done the training on this yet so you don't need to worry about this, but you're gonna have an outbound process. Then you have your content process which is, you know, making, like the, the process you have for creating content to get leads through inbound systems like YouTube or Instagram or TikTok or Facebook Groups, and once again, I'm gonna show you how to do this so don't worry, but you're gonna have it. Then you have your sales process, um, then you have your solution, and then you have your personal identity. So your personal identity is a huge one because that's a huge component of your business. Like you are the business. (laughs) And so you have who you are right now, and, you know, you're probably gonna have to change, and we're gonna talk about this in the mindset module, um, coming up soon, so don't worry about that. But same thing with your solution and your sales process, like these are the components of your business Now, as your business grows, you're gonna add more components, um, like for example, my business has probably got double the (laughs) components 'cause n- you know, now I've got to think about, like legal departments and then I've got, like sales management and I've got incentive systems. So for the sake of keeping it simple and, you know, the sort of six, multi-six or seven-figure level, these are the components you're gonna have, right? Um, you know, you can also add team and stuff in here as well, but..You get it, right? There's more components to an ant than just, like, a few, but I only put a few in 'cause I didn't want to confuse you. So, business, macro; components, micro. These are level one variables and if you combine all of these variables together, we get the business. And so version one, plus version one, plus version one, plus version one, plus version one, plus version one, plus version one equals business version one. Now, here's where it gets kind of cool. These level one variables are made up of smaller variables, and these smaller variables are known as level two variables. So for example, your sales process that we can see here is made up of the script, the pre-call process, and your objection handling process. So when you're selling people, you need to have a script, you need to know what to do before the call to get them to show up, and you need to know what to do when they start having objections. And so, if we want to understand how do we change the sales process, well then we either change the script, the pre-calls process, or the objection process. And so, if we have a problem with sales and sales is, is not working for us in our business, you don't just say, "I'm gonna change the sales process." You get specific. You say specifically which part of the sales process is broken. Because you might have the best script in the world, and you might be the best in the world at objection handling, but if your pre-call process sucks and no one's showing up, then, well, you're not gonna make any sales. And so you, you're not just gonna go and change your sales process, you're gonna change a specific part of it, if that makes sense. And so, please note that you can see on the screen these level two variables here. There is a lot more than this. (laughs) There's hundreds of them that you, you can change in your business. There's hundreds of different little components that you can, you can change, um, but I've only included a few just to keep it simple. And so for example, what we can see here is version one of your offer or your offer is made up of your price, the timeframe of, of the delivery, the outcome you're delivering, the methodology you use, the risk reversal process you use, the spin you use, the model you use. And then risk reversal is gonna be made up of different things. So, like, what sort of risk reversal are you using? Like, how are you framing it? How are you spinning it, right? So all of these level two variables, if we come on and move on here, contain level three variables. Now, I couldn't fit them on the screen here, (laughs) and there's tons of these. I've just given some small examples. So for example, like, in your avatar, you might have a level two variable of what role models people have and, you know, you could have level three variables around, like, different types of role models and w- what these look like. But to keep it simple, level two variables are made up of smaller level three variables. Some level two variables don't have variables inside them, but most do. So for example, a cold email, if we, if we look here, we've got the outbound process and part of the outbound process might be cold email. And cold email might be made up of the body copy, so the actual email that we send, the subject line of the email that we send, the deliverability, so if we're actually getting to the inbox. This is a whole thing. We'll talk about this in the cold email module, so don't worry. Um, the lead source, so where you're getting the emails from, what software you use to send, what scheduling software you use All of these little variables, you know, contribute to the cold email, which contributes to the outbound process, which contributes to the business. And so this is the thing, is for your business to run successfully, all you have to do is get all of these little things right. A- And the, and the way that you do that is by testing and experimenting. And so when we take another look at the ant and how this thing works, like this, for example, you can see the, the parallel. So we've got the organism, we've got the components, we've got the mini components, and we've got the, the variables of those components, of those components. And so if we want to change the ant, we drill down to specifically what we want to change, make a slight variation, and that changes the whole thing. And if we do enough of that, we get a brand new ant. And exactly the same thing is true in business. So, you know, it's, it, people think that building a business and becoming successful and getting rich in business is about making these huge, massive changes and decisions. It's not. It's just about making thousands after... thousands and thousands of tiny right decisions every day and changing ever so tiny variables and you'll smash it. Like, and it can really just hinge on one thing. Like, you know, let's say that in my business, that I'm getting, like, all of my traffic, all of my appointments from cold email. And let's say that I have got the best body copy, the best subject line, I've got the best lead sourcing, I've got the best software, but the only thing that I'm struggling with is, is actually delivering emails to the inbox Let's say that my, my emails just aren't sending properly. I can have everything else in my business working. I can have the avatar perfect, the offer can be perfect, the content can be perfect, the sales process can be perfect, I can have the best product, I can be the best entrepreneur. But if one small little component isn't working, it's done. It's the same thing with, like, a complex machine, like, like a car. Like, if a car breaks down, it might just be because one small little, um, nut or bolt came out. It- it- you know... And, and business really is this simple and this straightforward. And so what we can do i- in the same way that we looked at the ant and the organism and the DNA, is we can extrapolate that understanding back into business. And so we can sort of understand that your business has DNA, it has genetic information, in the sense that we... When you're making a decision to change a level three variable, one of these small things, the way you make that decision is based upon the information that you have available. And so if you're going to make a change at a small level in your business to, to change something big, you need to do it when you've got the right information. So, like, coming back to the example of me making sure my emails are delivering properly, if I, if I don't n- for, for example, with email deliverability, if you include lots of spam words in your emails, like free, or, um, you know, 100% off, or guarantee, if you use lots of spam words, then your emails will not deliver to the inbox And so that is a piece of information that I know, and so when I'm, when I'm modifying my deliverability variable for my business, I'm going to use that information accordingly. And that's what I mean when I say that this in- the information codes for the business. You use information, which is basically your understanding of the way that your world, the way the world works or the way that this specific discipline that you're trying to change works, and then you code. You use the information, you say, "Okay, in my email for deliverability, I'm not going to use these words because I have the information that tells me that if I do that, I'm not gonna deliver properly." The same thing is true with objections. When you're coming up, like for example, if we look at the objection version one, you know, we've got everything down to, like, rebuttals. If I'm writing my rebuttals for my objection handling, um, and I'm... Basically a rebuttal is, like, if someone says, "I want to think about it," you need to have a way to handle that on the sales call so you can get them closed, otherwise they won't buy. And so when you're drafting up, you know, your rebuttal process, a piece of information that helps there is understanding that before you introduce a rebuttal and tell them that they shouldn't think about it, you need to demonstrate that you understand and you have empathy. Because in order for us to change someone's mind, it helps if they feel understood to f- to begin with That's a piece of knowledge, that's a piece of information that we can use to code the way that we do rebuttals, okay? And so it is literally information. The core of your business is information. So, for example, you know, well, I've given you these examples here, right? Um, but it, this is how it works, this is why you just nailed the information and you get really fucking good at finding good information and being right, (laughs) and then integrating that information into your business. You change the small thing, which changes something slightly bigger, and then eventually you have a brand new business, okay? And it all comes around information. Basically it's just be smart. (laughs) So to change our business, we must seek critical information and.. ... apply it. Now, like I said earlier, unlike an ant, we don't have to rely on random mutation or variation for this. We can use our brains and our consciousness to find and apply the right information. If your objection handling, um, variant in your business sucks and isn't working, i.e. you're getting loads of sales calls but closing no deals, then you can go and buy objection handling courses. Like we've got in EasyGrow, for example, we've got like an entire section dedicated purely to this. But... Or you can go on YouTube or you can buy books, and you can start to seek information that you can use to then recode your objection handling variable to create a version two of that that is more likely to be adapted to the environment. And so you can see these critical information variants demonstrated in the bottom of this diagram, where it is kind of like DNA. And so what we can start to do is, you know, let's say for example that you- you've- you've gone online and, you know, let's say that you're on YouTube and you watch a video about how to, um, like how to structure a sales pitch, right? And you find like, uh, a video from a re- really good salesperson on how to do something, i- a specific part of your sales pitch. Well, what you would do is you would take that information from that YouTube video and you would apply it to your business. And so you'd change the code of your business slightly, where now you make an amendment to your sales process or your sales script at a very specific point because of this information. And then what you're gonna do is you're gonna go to the market with this sales process, with the new variation, and you're gonna test it. And you're gonna do more sales calls and you're gonna see, "Do I close more deals by coding this piece of information in, or do I close less deals by coding this piece of information in?" And this is how we grow a business. It's not through some crazy, wacky, woo-wah, amazing, this funnel thing, or this piece of copy. It's just small little iterations over time by defining the problem, seeking the information to solve that problem, applying it by recoding the variable, and allowing that code to give assent to the result. And hopefully the result is better, okay? And, you know, by changing the code of this thing, by watching the YouTube video on sales and changing the code of the pitch, we now have version two of our sales pitch, which now creates version two of our sales script, which creates version two of our sales process, which now creates version two of our business. And so you must learn to think in versions, okay? Where you've got version one, which is where you are right now. You- you don't even have a version one yet because you haven't got all of your variables lined up. But when you finish this program and when you've been through all the videos and you've built the thing, you've now... All it is, is an experiment. You don't have a business, you have an experiment, mkay? Once you've got the avatar, the offer, the outbound process, content process, sales process, solution, and your, you know, your sort of personal identity in- in a row, this is a business, right? And all you're trying to do is not grow the business or become successful, you're just testing the variables that you've got. And if you don't get the result you want, i.e. you don't sign clients, you don't make money, all you do is you find out what about this chain of variables is not working, you drill all the way down to the thing that you think the problem is, you go and seek new information, you implant that information into the code of the variable that you think isn't working, you bring it back to the drawing board, you test the variables and the combination of variables again, and you see if it works. And that's all success is. If this isn't a penny drop, pin drop, aha, holy shit epiphany moment for you, I don't know what will be. (laughs) This is how you win. This is also why it takes a year or two or three years to get to that point where you consider yourself successful, because experiments and tests take time to run. Do not forget this. It's just information, applying it, in exactly the same way that an ant would evolve. Like, you know, it's- it's... The parallel between biology and business is insurmountable and, you know, unarguable. It's just there, you know? And so if we can learn to think like with DNA and variance and stuff, like goodness me, you're gonna be successful. You know, if this variant works, obviously you're making more money. And most of the time, the changes you make are gonna suck and they're not gonna work, but sometimes you'll find something that does. So, that's basically, in a nutshell, how to (laughs) actually win and succeed. And like, you know, if- if- if you know this and your competitors don't, like, you're gonna crush 'em, 'kay? Okay. And by the way, just so you're aware, this diagram took me an entire week to build, (laughs) like... This, like, this idea of the, of the ant and the variables and the micro/macro shell base thinking, and trying to bring all these parallels together, like, I understood this, but I actually spent an entire week on- on this one diagram (laughs) that you see on the screen here and- and explaining it. So, um, that's the level of importance that I- I want you to assign to this in your memory, though I wouldn't have gone to that length of effort if I didn't think it was one of the most important things that you could possibly learn to grow a business ever. So here's some good news, right? So by using this program, your version one of business is probably my version 67. So when you, whenever you buy mentorship, what you're doing is you're buying a version, right? So just by using this program, you have a huge head start, because my version one of all of these things here, like my V1 of, uh, (laughs) you know, of these variables sucked. My avatar version one, like my V1 when I first started, was like, was like four sentences. Now it's like 30 pages, you know? It's like thousands of, like tens of thousands of words almost. And like, you know, maybe not tens of thousands, but lots and lots of words, right? And so when you're creating your avatar using my framework, you're borrowing my version 67 or my version 85 or my version 93 or whatever. It's the same thing with, you know, um, like EasyGrow, right?So, for example, in EasyGrow, I've- I have nearly, I've- I've done the maths here, I've tested nearly a hundred different cold email scripts to find what works. So you- when you buy EasyGrow, which I'm sure you will in the future as you become more successful, I'm just gonna plug it, right? You know? No fucking shame in that. You know my intentions here. But when you buy EasyGrow, you're buying, like, a version. You're not buying a program or a course, you're buying a shortcut. Because you could test a hundred cold email scripts yourself, but to do that and stay sane, and trust me, it's not easy, might take you, like, four or five years. So by buying the program, you get where you would have got in four or five years in, like, four weeks. Does that make sense? So you're buying variables. And, you know, my version, in- in cold calling, I've done, I've- I've iterated my cold calling script and the cold calling scripts in EasyGrow have been iterated hundreds and hundreds of times. I've made tens of thousands of cold calls. And so in EasyGrow if you, your version one is gonna be my version 128, for example. So this is how you make obscene levels of progress, and this is how you get rich real damn fast, is by just finding what works and then implementing it. And this is why we charge money for EasyGrow, and this is why we charge quite a, you know, lot of money for EasyGrow, is because it's really fucking valuable, because it can save you, like, five years of testing and suffering (laughs). That's pretty worthwhile, you know? Same thing for my content process. So in- in EasyGrow, we teach how to do content. And, you know, I'm gonna teach you how to do content at a more basic level in this program, um, but if you wanna get serious with it and really become a millionaire and shit, like, you know, you're gonna get my, um, my content process, you know, that- that would have been ... Like, your version one can be my version 13 and you can, you can make two years of progress in, like, two weeks just by going through the content, right? So you're essentially, you know, it's a shortcut. When you buy things like EasyGrow, when you go through things like this program, you're basically just shortcutting how long it takes you. You- you can get to where I am probably a lot faster than I did purely because, you know, you get to sit on my shoulders. And I think it was Isaac Newton that said this, um, he summarizes quite well, he said, "If I see far, it's because I stand on the shoulders of giants." And not that I'm a giant, and not- not that, you know, you should stand on my shoulders, 'cause, um, I've got a decent level of core strength, but I don't think that would be appropriate, right? (laughs) This is how it works, okay? And this is the diagram. So, you know, in all of its glory, it took me, um, a, this thing, this thing sent me to the darkness for- for a week or two (laughs), like, trying to bring this abstraction out of my brain and my understanding of it onto a, onto one document, um, well that took quite some thinking. It looks quite, it looks simple, but this is the thing about teaching, um, and you'll learn this as you get clients and- and you start to develop programs in- in the future, is teaching is about taking very, very, very complicated ideas and making them as simple to understand as possible. And, you know, the premise of this seems real simple to you now, but untangling that and making it simple is tough. And, you know, that's kind of summarized by Einstein's E=MC². Like, that, I know we've all heard of that famous, um, that's that famous equation before, but it summarizes a, a scientific theory that is so infinitely complex in, like, three words, like three letters. Goddammit, like, that guy was a genius. That's the sign of a genius, by the way, is being able to take really complex ideas and make them simple. This isn't genius level, by the way, like, what I've done here. Like, this is, or, I don't know, depends on what you, what your perspective of genius is. But this is just, like, a genius invents this shit. Like, Charles Darwin, for example, was the genius for, like, I based his thinking around his thinking, right? So, but yeah, that's kind of what, what you need to do, um, if you're teaching. So you're welcome. (laughs) Anyway, so the scientific method. So we've got, we're gonna talk about the scientific method twice, okay? So we're gonna just, we're gonna discuss it briefly now, um, and sort of, we're gonna talk about what it is, and then we're gonna actually, later on, after a little bit more context, explain how to do it. Because the way that we integrate information into the code of our business is by using the scientific method. There is a very, very, very specific way, a very scientific way that, um, that this must be handled with, I think, 13 or 14 different steps that must be followed If you just start trying to fuck around with your business code and your DNA of- of your business without the scientific method, you are gonna burn the thing down and destroy it. And so you must follow a specific process. So we're gonna get into that soon, but for now let me get through the scientific pro- method. So the big question that I'm sure you're now asking is, "Okay, well, Charlie, if- if building a business is just about finding the right variables, how do I do that? Like, how do I find level three variables that actually get results? And how do I know if new information is good or bad? Like, how do I know if- if- if the new code I've introduced works? And how do I build a profitable business?" Well, the best businesspeople are scientists, right? Like I said, not in the lab coat sense, but in the sense that they know how to test. They know how to experiment. And so you must learn to think scientifically. So I find it, I find it hilarious how, you know, um, you know that sort of archetype in school, you know, of- of the kid in biology or chemistry or maths or physics or geography, and the kid in school is like, "Oh, when am I ever gonna use this in the real world?" It's like, that kid has no fucking idea (laughs). Like, like, I paid a lot of attention, in case you can't tell, I paid a lot of attention in biology and chemistry when I was 15, 16, because I knew that, like, I knew that the- the- the rules of those games, the rules of those disciplines, of those studies can be carried across. And, you know, I- I didn't, I didn't know that at 15, I wasn't cognizant of that, but I had this idea that when I was, like, a kid, I could see the parallels between what I was learning in these disciplines and, like, you know, one example, I was in geography and, um, I was learning, we were learning about coastal erosion. I think I was 15 or 16 when we were learning about coastal erosion. And, um, you know, we were learning about, um, how, like, different coastlines form because of the- the ocean and stuff. And, um, you know, at the time, um, I remember when I was, like, 16, this is when I was really starting to sort of get interested in business. And, um, I was sort of trying to parallel that over, so I was looking at how, like... how businesses fail and how they erode over time. And then I was thinking, "Okay. Well, uh, coastal erosion is this gradual process that happens as a result of, like, nature, and maybe that's the same thing is true in business with the way that, like, you know, things decay." And then I looked at the end, I looked at history. So I've been doing this for a long time, but, uh, all of this to say that that shit that you learned in school is actually quite useful (laughs) if you just know what to look for and how to apply it. Um, like, another example, um, in chemistry, when I was 16, I learned about alloying. Alloying in chemistry is basically where you take two metals and you put them together to make a stronger metal. And that's, like, how steel is made, right? It's called alloying. And in business, uh, one thing I've done is I've taken, um, like, I've taken one cold email script and another cold email script that are totally different, two totally different elements, and I've combined them together to make the ultimate cold email script, that I've alloyed them together. And so I knew to do that in business because I remembered what I learned in chemistry. And so this is what I mean by thinking like a scientist. You know, all of these things that you learn outside of business can be applied, because business isn't real. Business is basically just, uh, a fucking amalgam of variables and different disciplines. And if you become multidisciplinary and you learn to, you learn all these different things, you can start applying the rules and you can, you can destroy everyone. So not that you wanna destroy everyone, but I mean, you can out-compete everyone, right? So instead of trying to build a company, what you need to do is imagine that you're running a series of experiments, okay? You're not trying to build a business. You're not trying to become, you know, this entrepreneur. You're trying to become the best scientist and, and become the best at running experiments. And the iterative process is called the scientific method. So the scientific method ta- basically takes on four steps. So step one of the scientific method is to formulate a hypothesis, which is a statement of, um, it's like a guess, basically. It's like a statement. It's a guess. It's like, "I think if I do this, this will happen," right? So for example, my hypothesis could be, uh, "I think if I go out in the sun with, um, no sun cream on today, with the level of UV that the sun is currently at, I will not burn." And then the step two is, "I will test that hypothesis. I'm gonna go out in the sun for, like, 20 minutes." And then step three is, "Tomorrow, I'm gonna see if I'm burned or not. (laughs) I'm gonna observe the results. And if I do burn, then I'm gonna formulate a new hypothesis, which will be, 'Okay. Well, maybe I need to go out with sun cream on,' " right? And so we have this four-step process to scientifically test anything, and it's the same thing in business. So right now, if you're watching this for the first time, you do not have a fully developed hypothesis. You have your avatar, maybe you've got your offer done, but you haven't got version one of your product, you haven't got version one of your outbound systems or your content systems, you haven't got version one of, of anything else. That's fine. I'm not bo- I'm not worried about you not having this yet. Unless you're rewatching this video and you have it, then good for you. I'm worried about you knowing how to think iteratively for when you do try to build these things, okay? Because the reason I'm teaching you the scientific method and the iterative process is because it can be used for every single variable in your business. Like, how do you build a good product? You iterate it. How do you build a good cold email system? You iterate it. How do you build a good sense of identity and a good character and a good mindset? You iterate it. You make gradual, small changes over time, right? Sometimes you can make extreme changes real quick and make a lot of progress real quick, but usually it's done slowly, iteratively. And so if you can learn the scientific method and you can understand it on a, on a level that is deep and you can comprehend it with your brain properly, then when it comes to building these other variables in your business, you're gonna fly by the iterations and you're gonna make, m- you're gonna make so much more progress. So the answers are all there. Everything you want lies on the other side of hundreds or thousands of little tests. Once again, like, buying EasyGrow, for example, just means you have to do less tests. We iterate our way to success in business little by little. And so the way to look at this is to imagine that, you know, we've got a version one of, of our business, and we've got where we want to be. So we've got the crown, we want to wear the crown, this is the goal, and this is version X. So the only thing that stands between you and being where you want to be is a series of versions. And so version X could be like version 617, and there are, there is a definitive number of, (laughs) of versions that you have to run through to just get to where you wanna go. And every time you test a new version and, and make an ever so slight, incrementally smaller step towards your goal, you put a step, you take a step, you take a step, you take a step, until you get to version, you know, whatever it is, and then you're at where you wanna be. All you have to do to get to where you wanna go is iterate and, and change the version. Like the iPhone. How do we get to iPhone 16? Well, we start with iPhone 1, then 2, then 3, then 4, then 5, then 6, you know, and so on. Um, so version one, the, the version, by the way, is the hypothesis. So when I'm, when I'm talking about V1, this is hypothesis number one. When I talk about version 20, this is hypothesis number 20. And a hypothesis is essentially a guess. So for example, I guess that if I line up this script, this subject line, and this lead source, and this deliverability method, and this software, I will get this result from my cold emails. And so this V1, or hypothesis one, is the first version of your business after you finish all of your training. So a hypothesis can exist in the macro level or the micro level. And so this is demonstrated by this diagram here. So at the level, at level one, you know, with these level one macro variables that we've got here, if you string these together, you've got version one of your hypothesis, but each variable at level one, as you know, is made up of the level two. And so to code for level two, or sorry, to code for level one, we have level two. And so we have our level two hypothesis, which creates this variable, which then creates this hypothesis, which creates the business. And it goes even deeper here, where, you know, the hypothesis goes to level three. So you've got your level three variables here, and the hypothesis is the string of those. If you, if you put them together, you're guessing it's gonna work, right? That then creates a level two hypothesis, which is strung together with other level two variables, which then create the level one variable, which then is strung together with other level one variables to create the level one hypothesis. And so when we're running experiments and, and being scientific, we always iterate and change at the level three variable level. So we're going as low as we can to the minute details, but we have to understand the bigger picture that those are making up a bigger hypothesis, which makes up a component of an even bigger hypothesis, okay? So you will test your version one hypothesis as you go out to the market and try and make money and, and bank profit, but one thing is for sure, your version one hypothesis is not gonna be perfect. So even when you've gone through this program, you're gonna be, like, you're gonna be way more successful and more likely to be successful having gone through this program and had you not. Same thing with EasyGrow, for example. You're just, you're just 10 times probably, actually it's probably more like 1,000 times more likely to get clients and, and make a ton of money real quick. But version one is not gonna be the one. You're gonna have to make iterations and so many changes over time, because you've got different markets, different problems, and stuff like that. So we just basically edge closer towards perfection through experimentation. And so version X that you can see up here refers to the hypothesis number that you will be at when you hit your goal. So for example, your version X for hitting $10,000 a month could be version 17 or it could be version 98. You know, it really depends on how close you are. Like, if your version one ma- is real close to being what you need to be to hit 10K a month, then you might only need version five to get to 10K a month. But if you didn't have this program, then your version one, whether you know it or not, you've got a version, right? Your version one, maybe you'd need, like, version 683 just to get to 10K a month, right? So it depends on how close you were when you begin, but this, this version X refers to, like, what you'll, what version you'll be at when you hit your goal, right? And it depends on when you're starting. This is also another reason to not quit, by the way, because every time you switch niche or quit or change, like, you go back to version one and all these steps you took, you just... Yeah, it's kind of stupid. So not everyone starts equally in business. So you might look in the community and you might see some results from the academy or from the program, and you- you know, you might see that some people are making more progress than you. You might see people going from zero to 10K a month in, like, a month. Y- y- you might get stressed out and worried. But not everyone starts equally in business, so don't be surprised if some people get there in less versions than you. So business is like a 100-meter race, but unfair. Some people, when they get into business, are gonna start at the 90-meter line. (laughs) So they're gonna start 10 meters away from the finish line. You know, some people are gonna start at the 10-meter line, so they're gonna be a little bit further ahead. Some people will start middle way through the race. Like, when you get- when you're starting business, you're not st- i- if- if you take a thousand people and they're all trying to do this program, you are all at different levels. Some of you have done, like, things before. Some of you have done nothing before. Some of you are able to articulate yourself, some aren't. Some of you have, um, really good English, some of you won't. Like, you're all gonna have different variables and therefore you're all- if you're all in the same race, some of you are gonna start further ahead than others, and therefore you're gonna finish faster. That's fine. You know, for example, let's say that someone does this program but they've already worked in sales for five years. Like, they won't need much iteration to find out what sales system's gonna work and, you know, maybe- maybe someone starts this program and they get into the same niche as you, but their parents are people in that niche. They're just further ahead than you already, they just are, you know? And so you can't compare yourself to other people in the program and base, you know, their progress on your progress, because where they started is totally different. It would literally be like lining up to race someone against 100 meters, and then (laughs) you start at the zero-meter line at the beginning and they're starting at the 58-meter line, and then they beat you and then you're, like, shocked and surprised. Like, "What? How are they further ahead than me?" It's like, well, they started, like, halfway further than you, right? So if- if basically the point I'm making here is that if someone is achieving things faster than you are, A, it could be because they're working harder than you. That's a huge variable, because the harder you work, the faster you can test. That's all hard work is, by the way, it's just faster experimentation, putting calls to effect faster and finding the thing that works faster. But, like, if someone's further ahead than you, it's because maybe before they started, they've already done a bunch of experimentation. Like, their version- your version one and their version one are completely different in how close they are to the goal, right? So version one is not this universal thing where everyone starts at the beginning. Like, if someone in the academy has access to EasyGrow, then their version one is going to be so much closer to the goal than yours is because they've got such an advantage because of the- the depth of information around acquisition in that, right? Or the depth of acquisition around cold email or sales or whatever, right? And we're gonna get into that in this program, but, um, like, uh, th- well, I'm just gonna give you the basics, right? And then EasyGrow will take you to that point where you're making, like, millions and millions of dollars, right? Or- or- or multi-six figures. So macro versus micro-iteration, so we can think about the iterative process in the macro or the micro. So macro is big and micro is component of big, relatively smaller in size to big. And so, you know, when we're looking at this diagram here, we've got the business, which is the macro, and then we've got the level one variables, which are the micro, which are part of the business. But then what we can do is we can also see level one variables as the macro, and then we can see level two variables as the micro inside of the macro. And then what we can also do is we can see level two variables as a macro, and we can see level three variables as the micro inside of the macro. And then we can take it further and see level three variables as macro and see the DNA or the genetic information or the- the information we're using as the micro inside of the macro. And so to- to give you a little bit more tangible examples, or a more tangible understanding of this, so the universe as we know it is the macro and our galaxy, the Milky Way galaxy, is the micro. And you could see the Milky Way galaxy as the macro and the solar system is micro. So micro is part of macro. So our solar system could be the macro and Earth could be the micro, like, Earth is part of the solar system. And Earth could be the macro and Europe could be the micro. You know, it's relative in size. And then Europe could be the macro and UK, the country the UK, could be the micro, and then the UK could be the macro and Somerset County could be the micro, and Somerset's the county that I grew up in. Uh, big up Somerset. (laughs) Just thought I'd throw a little bit of, um, Charlie Morgan trivia for you there. But Somerset's, like, a- a place in the UK, and so, like, i- it's pa- it's inside of the UK, and the UK is inside of Europe, and Europe is inside of Earth, and Earth is inside of the solar system. And so this is how, you know, we need to start thinking is, like, ma- macro/micro, like, components. So if you wanna change the big picture, you have to change the components of it. In order to iterate the macro, you must iterate the micro. And the easiest example that I can explain here is if you want to win a war, you just have to win the battles. So what is a war, like a World War II? What is that? Well, it's not really anything. It doesn't really exist. It's just basically the name that we use to label a bunch of battles. And so if you want to win a war, you win the battles, and battles are the micro component of the war, and so it's the same thing. Like, I can't stress this enough. If you want to fix these big things up here, you fix these things here, and by fixing- to fix these things here, you fix these things here, and to fix these things here, you fix this thing here. You know, you- you drill down, you get real specific with it, okay? So for example, the DNA string of your business or the variable string of your business are these things, as we know, and this is- this is the macro hypothesis of your level one variables. And as- as an entrepreneur, obviously you want to grow your business and make it better, and so, you know, you're gonna iterate the variables, you're gonna iterate your hypothesis, and so we- we- we take the hypothesis of the- of the macro variables of the business at level one, and we change the sales thing. So now we've got version two of the business, you know?Um, but in order to change the sales, um, variable up here, then we need to change the level two variables of the sales variable, which is script, objections, and pre-call. And so, you know, we're gonna come in, and we're gonna do that, and we're gonna iterate it. But in order to change one of these variables, we have to change the level three variable (laughs), which are here. And so, let's say we change the pitch. And so by changing the pitch, then we change the script, which is the level three variable, and so on and so forth. I've already, I've already explained this in enough detail, I think, but you can just read through this real quick if you wanna, um, understand it. But this is how we change from version one of the business to version two of the business to version three of the business, and so on and so forth. Now, it is possible to work on different parts of your micro hypothesis at any given time. So for example, like, you know, if your macro hypothesis of your business, which, you know, once again, are these level one variables here, if these aren't really working and you're not getting the result you want after a month or two of testing, then maybe you need to change your offer. But you can also change your personal identity or your sales process or your outbound process. You can change all of these things in conjunction to each other. And so I do this all the time in my business, where, you know, if I want to make changes, um, I might be working on my ads and my content and my mindset and my product and my sales team all at the same time. Like, um, you can, you can run multiple experiments at once, but what matters is you're not running multiple experiments in the same place. So if I'm changing something around my sales team, I'm only gonna change one thing. I'm not gonna try and r- run multiple experiments in the sales team at the same time, because then I'm gonna get confused if... I won't be able to determine the cause or the effect, right? But what I can do is I can change, like, something about my mindset, and then I can change my diet a- around as well. I can also change the offer and how that works. Whilst I'm changing the offer, I can also change my YouTube style because these things are all independent and I can, you know, shuffle them accordingly, if that makes sense. Um, generally speaking, it helps just to do one thing at a time, but at the big level, you can, you can change multiple things at once. So changes in a localized hypothesis must not be interfered with. So for example, I can change my content process and my product at the same time, but I wouldn't change two things about my content process at once. And I'm gonna explain why in a second when we get into the actual, um, process of the scientific method. I'll, um, I'll explain this, so just bear with me, but, um, it should make sense in due course. So iterating towards goal. So the whole point of iteration is to achieve a goal, right? The whole point of, of, of changing this thing and making these changes is so you can get towards what you want. And so your business should have an overarching goal, right? And, you know, we can talk more about this in the mindset module and finding out what you want, but you should kind of know what you want You should have a goal. And so for example, you know, $100,000 a month. Now, this would be the goal of the business in the macro sense, because thinking in micro and macro also works in terms of goals. And I'm gonna explain this to you here. So what we would refer to a goal as is a North Star or Polaris Star. So when sailors didn't have, um, navigational equipment, when they didn't have compasses and, you know, radars and stuff like that and they, they were, they were sailing in sea and trading in, in sea, in the seas, what they would do is they would, they'd get their bearings, um, by using the North Star. And so that was their sort of, you know, that was the thing that they based all of their decisions around, was like, "How do we get to where we want to according to the North Star?" And so your macro goal, being your financial goal, is made up of many micro goals that must all be hit to make it happen. So you know earlier how I said that to win a, to win the war, you just have to win a bunch of battles? Well, if you want to win the war, which is your macro goal, to be victorious in the war, then all you have to do is win the battles. And if you want to win the battles, then all you have to do is win all the skirmishes, right? So the point here is that if you hit all of your micro goals, the macro goal will be hit. So like, for example, let's say that you want to be healthy, and let's say that your goal is to live to 100 years old Well, living to 100 years old, the way that you do that is by taking care of all of your micro health goals. So for example, it's making sure that you're exercising regularly, and you're maintaining a certain weight, and that your bone density is in a certain place, and that your nervous system's in a certain place. And so these big goals, these big aggregates, (clears throat) are basically made up of smaller goals that, if hit, will achieve the goal. So getting to 100K a month is not about getting to 100K a month. It's about doing lots of small things and achieving lots of small, little goals that make that up, that make that happen. So your goal is an outcome of an aggregate of all your micro hypotheses. Your goal doesn't really exist and neither does your business. You know, goal and business are words that we use to summarize and sum up the parts that make them. They're effectively collective nouns. So I'm gonna give you this visual, um, to help you, uh, help you understand, 'cause this is gonna kinda get, um, we're gonna get a bit abstract, and it, it can get a bit confusing. So if your goal is to make 100K a month, you know, and that's your version X, what you need to do, then, you know, maybe to get to 100K a month, all you have to do is nail your avatar, get, uh, get your offer right, get your outbound process right, get your content process right, sales process right. And if you get all of these metrics, you know, and you hit all of these goals and these individual little components of the business, then you'll hit 100K a month. So let's visualize this. So here's an example. 100K a month business. Now, you know, your avatar. So if you get your avatar to the point where it's 10 pages long and it's 85% accurate, we've hit the avatar goal, right? And your offer. If you, if you have such a good offer that your click-through rate on ads or YouTube videos or cold emails or whatever is 3%, which means that 3% of everyone that sees your offer actually want to book a call, then, you know, we consider that a goal. So one of your goals in business is to achieve this click-through rate. Now, by the way, these numbers are arbitrary. I've made them up. I'm not saying this is what you should aim for. We'll talk about what to aim for when we actually get to the specific systems... but you get the point. For example, the outbound process, your goal with the outbound process is to get a 5% appointment booking rate, which means if you call a hundred people, five of them wanna talk to you and book a call. Or your content process, maybe your goal is to get to a hundred thousand different views per month on your videos. Or maybe your sales process, the goal could be to get to a conversion rate, get your sales skills to a conversion rate of 25%. Or maybe your goal with your product is to sell people into your product and to have a refund rate of less than 5%. You know, or maybe you have a goal for your mindset and your identity to become a person who's consistent. If you'd hit all of these smaller goals and you did all of these things, 100K a month would naturally manifest. And so you don't chase your big goal. You set it there as your North Star, as the thing that you use to help you orient yourself, you know, in the, in this metaphorical ocean that is business. But if you want to achieve that, it's as simple as achieving all of these small little things, okay? And we achieve those small little things at these micro levels, okay? So if you want your business to be successful, then you need to have a successful offer, and if you want your offer to be successful, you need to have a good outcome, and you, you fight all of these little battles and then you win the war, okay? So war, like I've said, is a label used to collect a bunch of battles, and in business the battles are all of these different little variables. Now this, (sighs) this is the version of the hypothesis required to achieve said micro-goal. So VX is basically what I'm referring to there. So, sorry, I skipped this part. So you win a war by winning battles, win enough battles, you win the war. You'll notice how each micro-goal here on the right-hand side has this version X. So, once again, whilst we have a version X for your overall goal and where you want to be, we have a version X for every small little goal as well. And if you hit the version X and the iterant, you know, the, the iterative process, if you iterate enough inside of each little component and you get to where you wanna be in each little component, then you will manifest the entire thing. Now, I know that this is g- (laughs) this is getting repetitive, and it might be a little confusing, and you might need to watch this section back a couple of times. I'm doing my best to explain a very complicated abstract term, please bear with me, okay? Um, so it, like I said, achieving your big goal is as simple as achieving lots of small ones by attacking them one at a time. And by attack, I just mean iterating, testing, and experimenting with new hypotheses. Success is incredibly easy and simple when you compartmentalize your objectives and look at them as small little problems to figure out. Figure them all out, line them up in a hypothesis string, and you will have a successful business. And the hypothesis string, by the way, is just, like, when you sort of visualize all the variables put together and you literally iterate your way to success. The only kicker here is it just takes time, it takes years to, to get to these things. And you might have heard the phrase before that the only way to eat an elephant is one small chunk at a time. It's the same thing. Like, getting to 100K a month is like eating an elephant. Like, to do this thing, you have to break it down, like, "What, what's everything I need to have in place to get to this point?" And then you break those things down, and then you break the things down inside of those things, and you get to the real simple little pieces, and then you just tack, you attack these tiny things. 'Cause you can eat an elephant if you're only eating, like, little bite-sized pieces, it's just gonna take you a long time, but you can do it. It's exactly the same thing with building a business. Like, all of these little problems are quite easy to figure out, it's just that there's lots of them and they take a lot of time and you need to attack the small things, okay? So measuring experimental outcomes. So the big question then becomes, like, how do you know if your iteration is working (laughs)? Like, like, how would you actually know if a hypothesis, if a new hypothesis is good or bad? So as I've discussed, a hypothesis is basically a guess, and it's like a, you know, it's a statement of, like, a guess where it's like, "Okay, well, if I do this, then this might happen." But how do you know if a hypothesis works or not? Like, what makes a hypothesis at any level, whether in the macro or the micro, good or bad? Well, as we now know, we have goals at multiple levels, and I want you to start thinking about it like this. So when I use the word goal from now on, I'm referring to, I'm referring, the goal is transcending the levels. So it could be the goal of getting to 100K a month or it could be the goal of getting to a 25% sales conversion rate, right? It, I, you know, when, you can test at multiple levels, therefore we have goals at multiple levels and we have KPIs at multiple levels, which are key performance indicators, um, and this will all become clear as I go through this diagram, okay? So think about it like this, 'cause this, this diagram can be extended to understand the nature of experiment at all different three levels of variables, okay? So we've got level one, level two, level three. If we wanna know an experiment's working or not, because we're gonna experiment at these different levels, then we can use this diagram, okay? And I know this is getting a little confusing, and this is one of the hardest things (laughs) for me to explain to you, so please, if you feel confused and it's taking a minute for you to understand, just rewatch the whole video. It's really important you get this and I appreciate you bearing with me. So here's how it works. So this is what, this is how you can measure the effectiveness of an experiment. So we have the goal and we have what we would refer to as hell, determined by this fire, right? The red arrow refers to regress and the green arrow refers to progress, and the black line with the version next to it refers to the baseline. So you have where you are right now. So whenever you're conducting an experiment or whenever you're about to begin an ex- a new experiment, you have your baseline and your baseline is determined by your current hypothesis, so the current variables that you have, okay? Version one. Then you have where you want to be, which is your goal, and then you have where you don't want to be, which we're gonna call hell, which is below your baseline. So, you know, if you move, if you, if you bring in a new experiment and you bring in a new set of variables and you bring in a new hypothesis and you test something new, you're bringing in, like, version two. And if by introducing version two you move away from baseline towards your goal, then we are making progress. But if by introducing version two we move away from baseline towards hell, then we are making regression. And so, you know, when you introduce something new to your business, it's either going to bring you closer towards your goal or push you away from where you are right now towards hell, or it's gonna keep you at the same level and keep you the same. So to make this concrete, for example, let's say that, like I said earlier, I find a new piece of information on how to handle objections on a sales call, and let's say that I implement that information into my sales process and I experiment with it for 30 sales calls and it's quite a big change to my objection handling process. Let's then say that over those 30 sales calls, I make less sales, okay? Because I introduced this new objection handling variable that I found on TikTok like an idiot, and so what's happened by introducing this new variable is I have regressed. I've made less money, I've made less progress, I'm moving away from where I am right now, away from my goal towards hell. So this is important to understand because not all, most of your hypothesis, or hypotheses, to use the plural, are going to force regression. Most ti- most of the times you're gonna be wrong. Mo- pretty much 95 to 99% of the information that you find online or anywhere is gonna be wrong, with the exception of programs like this that have been thoroughly thought through and actually tested. Because think about it, if you go on Facebook and find someone doing something and then, like, and you start copying that, how do you know it's gonna work? Like, y- you have to test it, of course, but most information out there is wrong and most people are wrong about everything all the time constantly. And so if you, if you're not careful and you, you know, you start making new variables and introducing tests, you're just gonna be... ... moving further and further away from your goal. And so, you know, let's say, for example, that your goal is to make 10K a month and that your baseline, which is where you are at right now, is 1K a month, and hell could be debt. (laughs) So, you know, let's say that you're in a job right now, and you're making a grand a month, and, you know, your, your hypothesis is to start this business, right? And, you know, the rea- the way I've structured this program is so, (laughs) so much in the fact that it's not going to send you into stupid amounts of debt, right? So you can't go to hell. The only way you're gonna succeed with this program is th- this... Well, the only progress you're gonna make with this, this program is progress. You're not gonna regress at all. And that's what makes a good product. And so, you know, you have where you are, you have where you want to be, you have where you do not want to be, which is below where you are right now. And every time you introduce a hypothesis, you've got to measure it accordingly. And so version two, um, you know, the next hypothesis, um, is either going to move you towards, away, or stay where you are. Okay? This is how we basically measure the outcome of an experiment. Okay? So any time you test something or introduce new information, it's going to do one of these three things, and you need to be watching it like a hawk to make sure that you're making progress and not regress. Okay? So, you know, let's say that we introduce a new variable to this experiment to create V2. You know? And let's say that we introduce version two, like this, and, you know, we've, we've now introduced version two, and by introducing version two we've moved slightly closer towards our goal. And so by virtue of progress, which we can visualize here by version two bringing us above the baseline, version two is better than version one, so therefore we lock it in and we create a new baseline. And this is how you make progress, is you introduce a new hypothesis, you pop it in, if it makes progress then you stick to that hypothesis. If it doesn't, then you go back to version one or the version before that, and then you, you know, you continue. And so, you know, here's the thing, right? So, you know, we've, we've gone from version one from, to version two, and we've increased our baseline towards our goal, but we're still not at our goal. We're still quite far off of our goal. There's still a lot of progress to make here. And so let's say that we introduce version three, which is a new hypothesis, you know? And, you know, so we, we bring in version three, and we test ver- version three, but then version three was actually worse than version one. So this happens a lot. Like, just because you're introducing new versions does not mean they're going to work better. Like, new is usually bad. (laughs) You know? So we would reject the hypothesis of version three and go back to version two, and then we would create a version four, and then we would try again and again and again. And so, for example, right, let's, let's make this concrete. So let's say that, uh, this is the current baseline for how many, um, appointments you get from your cold emails. Okay? Cold email's a nice easy example. So you're, you're getting this many appointments. So the goal is to get in hundred appointments a month, and, you know, hell is getting no appointments a month. And so right now you're getting, like, I don't know, like, 50 appointments a month. But you're not getting enough, right? So you introduce version two, and, you know, you change your cold email slightly, one of the variables to change that system, and, you know, therefore you, you, you start booking 60 appointments a month You know, you've, you've just ever so slightly increased the amount of appointments you're getting, which is perfect, right? But then you think, "Okay, well, I'm onto something here. I'll, I'll change it again." But then, by making that change, in that month of that change, now you only book 20 appointments. So you need to have the, the awareness and, and the, you know, the cognizance basically to recognize when a change is driving regression as opposed to progression. And so, you know, this is kind of how it works. Like, you can, you can map your hypotheses on the, on the trajectory towards your goal. So most hypotheses, most new information and most new hypotheses and new variants that you introduce will fail, and most of them will drive regression away from the baseline before them. This is the point of an experiment. So now we would know, for example, that cold email number three is way worse than cold email number two, and it's even worse than cold email number one was, okay, because we're below that baseline. And so after doing this for some time, you can start to map the results of your various hypotheses, always setting the baseline at the newest height and testing from there. So, for example, here is, you know, an experiment with, with 12 different variants. And let's say this is a cold email experiment. So we start off with version one baseline, where we're booking 50 appointments a month. And we introduce version two, and version two moves this to 60 appointments a month, but still not quite there Well, version two becomes our new baseline, and then we think, "We'll test version three," but version three, as we know, brings us to 20 appointments a month. So we think, "Okay, shit. We'll go back to version two, but we're gonna run an experiment." So when you're running an experiment, um, you know, what you're doing is you're still running version two at this point, so if something's working, you never stop running it, ever. You just introduce an experiment, like, separately to it. So if I'm running a cold email campaign that's working, I'm never gonna turn that off. If I want to try a new cold email campaign, I'm gonna create a new one and run that as a new experiment. In the same way that, you know, if a scientist is trying to measure the growth of a bacteria, he's gonna get them in a Petri dish, and he's gonna put some stuff in a different Petri dish to test the effect of that stuff as opposed to the stuff before it. So what I'm saying is, when you've got something that works, never stop doing it. If you want to test it and try something new, then, you know, you, you, you run a different experiment. And this, this is explained in more depth in EasyGrow. It, it... This is something that to really grasp and to really understand, like, you can get the basics of it like this. But if you really want to get the, become an absolute expert in this thing, it takes, like, 15 hours of explanation. So we'll get into that later. But anyway, so version three is, you know, shit, doesn't work as well, below baseline. So we try version four, which is also worse than version two. So then we try version five, which is actually better than version two. So our new baseline becomes number five. And then, from version five, we try version six, which is way worse than version four was and better than version three though. So, you know, version six, it still hasn't got us towards our goal. So we try version seven, which works slightly betterAnd then version eight, which works the same as version one, and then version nine, and then- and, you know, you- this is how progress looks is you iterate and it's not gonna be this, like, little neat, little tidy jump towards goal. You're gonna go up and down, but what matters is you remember the highest point and you always maintain that as the standard. Like, people d- people are just sometimes idiots where they, like, I've- I've seen this all the time with, like, people who test things and, like, they just end up forgetting what, what worked, so, like, they'll, they'll have version one which works, which works better than their version six, but for some reason, they're running version six even though version one worked better (laughs). And- and they're like, "Oh, but it's, it's version six so it must be better." It's like, "You're an idiot. Like, it doesn't work." So you can visualize it like this. Um, progress is never a straight line, and you always want to, you know, raise that bar, raise that baseline and measure every experiment that comes against it past the previous highest point, okay? Now, in summary, your business is simply one big experiment with a North Star, which is your overall, overarching goal, like 100K a month or 10K a month. To achieve the North Star, we must cond- conduct various smaller experiments, you know, because that's how you do it. And these smaller experiments are made up of even smaller experiments. So for example, if the North Star of your business is to make 100K a month, then a goal that you're going to have to achieve to make this happen could be 100 appointments per month, and that's at the outbound cold email level. And a goal that you're going to have to achieve to make this goal happen is getting 10,000 people to open your emails per month. So this is my point is goals are, like, they are fractal insofar as the fact that the big thing needs a little thing to happen and the little thing needs a littler thing to happen. You have to learn to think in macro, micro, micro, okay? And so the variables of the cold email open rate are gonna be deliverability, the subject line, the lead sourcing, the email name, the structure, the personalization. If we get all of these little things right, then we're gonna get this thing right. And if we get this, if we get all of these little things right, then we're gonna get things at this level right. And if we get all the things at this level right, we're gonna get this thing right. This, it lit- this is literally just building a house. Like, you don't build a house. You just lay tons of bricks. And like, you know, y- you, building a house is about building lots of different little rooms. And if you get all the rooms built, then you have the house together. Like, these big things, these macro things, are just collective names for little components. And, you know, if you're building a kitchen, like, well, now you need to build the sink, and now you need to build the island. Then you need to build the dining table, um, in the kitchen. Then you need to build, like, the, the, um, the oven. And then to build the oven, you need to build the handle on the oven, and you need to build the grill in the oven. And to build the grill in the oven, you need to build, like, you know, the, um, the little slats and, like, uh, w- we build things by building small things (laughs) like that, that's the whole point of this entire video is just to explain that one point. And if we get the small things right, the bigger things fall into place. And it's really easy to build the small things. Like, figuring those little, small things out are really easy. What's hard is trying to do it all at once and getting confused. But if you can see it in the micro, it's really fucking easy. Now, so this is how it works, right? So we've got the goal at the business level, and we're gonna measure our progress towards our goal, or regression towards hell, at the macro business level, which is basically how much money we're making. And then the business goal is made up of lots of micro goals, and we're gonna measure these micro goals, you know, and, and the variance and the, the hypotheses of these micro goals in either direction. And then the micro goals are made up of even smaller micro goals. And we're gonna measure these in different directions. And so all of these make up this, and all of this makes up this, and that's how it works. Now, I know that this is a hard thing to grasp, and I've tried my best (laughs) in making it as simple and understandable as possible. What I need you to know is that EasyGrow, specifically for acquisition, goes into absolutely ridiculous detail specifically on this topic. Um, we are scratching the surface on this whole scientific method experimental thing. Um, to give you some context, in EasyGrow we've got a module called Acquisition Genesis, and I've got, I think, like seven or eight videos dedicated purely to better understanding how this idea works. Because th- the, the, you get the basic of it. The basic of it is fine to get, and you can get a couple of clients. You know, you can get, like, uh, you get yourself started with the basics. But if you're serious about building this business thing and you're serious about getting to that sort of 10K a month, 30K a month, 50K a month, 100K a month, if you wanna just get a couple of clients and chill, absolutely fine. But if you wanna actually build a business, you need to understand this on a level that is much, much, much, much more advanced than this And so that's what I've kind of done with, with EasyGrow here is I've got these videos from Acquisition Genesis, um, and these are all dedicated, like three hour long, three and a half hour long. Like, all of these videos are dedicated to expanding on these topics in way more detail. 'Cause I can cover it in one video here, and I can give you the high-level overview and give you a basic understanding, but this shit goes really deep (laughs). And like, for example, in, in this video here, in Acquisition Genesis, we've got iterative double-winning acquisition, and this explains how to use the scientific method specifically for one component of client acquisition that you have to understand. And so I- I'm trying to give you as much as humanly possible in this program, but I don't wanna overwhelm you just yet. I wanna, I want you to get your foundation straight before we get into the deep shit. So I just want you to know that this goes far deeper and there's far more to know about this than what I've just told you. But what matters is you've got a deep enough understanding to make decisions and become successful, but if you wanna get to millionaire level shit, multi-six figure level shit, you know, that's that sort of laptop lifestyle thing, then you need to know more. So just a little disclaimer, okay? So metrics. So a metric is a term you should be familiar with. UmIt's basically a measurement. And, um, the easiest way for me to explain how metrics work, and once again, there's a four-hour video in pr- uh, three, three-and-a-half-hour video in EasyGrow dedicated to explaining metrics, but I'm gonna give you the overview, and then you can get into more detail if you want to in, in EasyGrow. But metrics are basically measurements. Okay? So you'll... I'm gonna give you an easy example and then explain it in business terms. So your body is a system made up of other systems, and the functioning of your body can be measured by one simple metric, which is your heart rate. So the first thing you would do to see if someone's alive is check their pulse. So this is called a primary metric, and in biology, it's known as a vital. So how do you know if something's working or not? Well, you have to measure it. Okay? You... It is impossible to know if something is working or something is functioning properly if you don't have a measurement. So, th- how was... The, the only way that for us to... Well... Okay. If, if you walk into a room and someone has collapsed on the floor, the first thing you're going to do, and the first thing that an emergency services person will ask you to do, is see if they're alive. And the first thing you're gonna do is take a measurement. You're gonna f- you're gonna take a measurement of the metric of their heart rate, 'cause that's the first thing. Is, uh, is their heart beating? (laughs) Like, you know, that's... That is the first thing that you check to see if someone's alive or not. And so the same thing is true in business where the first metric we use to measure if a business is being successful or, or not is whether or not it's profitable, and we'll get into that in a second. But my point here is that the heart rate is the first thing we measure. It's a primary metric. Now, inside of your body, you have lots of other systems because the body is, once again, it doesn't really exist. The body is just the term that we use to collectively describe all of the biological systems that make you up, right? And so inside your body, you have lots of systems. You have your skeletal system, and the metric that you would use to measure whether or not your skeletal system is healthy is bone density, so the, the mineral density of your bones. If you've got a problem with your skeleton or a bone problem, then the first thing your doctor's gonna do or the, the, uh, osteopath is gonna do is measure your bone density. And so metrics are measurements that we can use to assess the effectiveness or function or, or quality of function of a system. And the nervous system, you know, your heart rate variability, which is the amount of time between heartbeats and how, how much variation we have there, is, um, is, um, is a measurement of your nervous system. And your cardiovascular system, um, is measured by stroke volume. Don't ask me what it is. I just found it on Google. Respiratory system is measured by your respiration rate. So, you know, if you go to a doctor and, you know, they, they... you've got a problem with your lungs and, you know, you've, you've got, like, an issue, pain in your lungs, they're going to measure your respiration rate, which is basically how many breaths are you taking per, per minute. And digestive system, microbiome diversity will measure this. Reproductive system is gonna be measured by your sperm count. So if you're a man and, you know, your doctor wants to get a measurement of your, um, of the, of the effectiveness or the function of your reproductive organs, then it's gonna... they're gonna measure your sperm count, right? And that's like a pretty straightforward test that a lot of people do. And so, you know, not to get too inappropriate, but we're all adults here, right? We can all, we can all move on from that. (laughs) Um, but literally... God, I'm 26. How old am I? But anyway, my point here is that all of these things, all of these components, like, all of these things are inside of the body, and we can take a measurement of each system in the body by looking at one metric. And now there's more to it than this, but you get the point. Every big or little system in your body has a metric attached to it that will allow you to assess whether the system is functioning properly. All of these systems in your body must work. Um, all of these systems must work for the body to work as a whole. If one of these systems stops working, then we die. Now, maybe not the reproductive system, but, you know, if your, if your respiratory system's fucked or your nervous system's fucked, you're gonna either suffer immeasurably or die, right? Now, you want to approach business the same way that a doctor would approach a patient with a health issue. So if you've got a problem in your business, if your business is not growing and it's not profitable, then you need to find out why. And the easiest way to find out why is to measure it. And so, you know, this is why if you call up 911 or 999 and you ask for an ambulance and, and, you know, the, the person on the phone will ask you, "Is there heart beating?" Like, "Are they breathing?" Like, "Is this person actually alive? Is there any point in us even sending out an ambulance in the first place?" (laughs) is kind of what they're asking you there. And, you know, if, if yes then, you know, then, then they'll send out paramedics, and then the paramedics will, you know, run some tests and find out what's wrong with this person. And the only way to find out what's wrong with someone is through tests. And so you have symptoms like, for example, you could have a really bad cough, so you'd go into your, you know, doctor, and they, they take your respiratory rate, r- rate. They take your VO₂ max, which is like a measurement of, you know, your... how effective your lungs are at, at, um, processing oxygen or something like that. I can't remember. And then they'll get measurements, right? Then you know if something's working or not. Now, the same thing is true in business. So your business is made up of systems, and the functioning of your business can be measured by one simple metric, which is how profitable this thing is, or really, uh, really it's, it's profitability slash, you know, income. Like, how much money are you actually making? Now, if we're measuring a consulting business, then we're looking at income and profit. So for example, a, uh, a consulting business is making $100,000 a month with a 70% profit margin is going to be better than a, a consulting business making $5,000 a month at a 15% profit margin. Like, the functioning of that business, number one, is better than business number two. And so we measure the success of our businesses by profit and income. Now, if you're looking at a software business and, like, a portfolio company, you look at, like, market capitalization. I- it gets weird and different, but just to keep it simple, we- we're using profit and income. The first thing you would do to see if a consulting business was successful is look at income and profit. Okay? And I'm just gonna highlight this. So, you know, this, this is really the first thing you do. Like, if someone asks... if someone came to you and said, "Is Charlie's business successful?" you would, you would run that by the fact how much money is he making and how much money is he keeping, right? And, you know, depending on your perception of success, you probably would say yes. If you think a million dollars a month and five, six hundred grand a month is successful, then, you know, you kinda get the point, right? So it's, um, i- it's pretty straightforward. Like, you know, you start with this, with this primary variable. This is the vital. This is how we know is our business successful or not? Is it profitable? And is there income? Then our income and profitability, in the same way that our heart rate is gonna be determined by these systems, you know, because if your, if your nervous system's screwed up, then your heart rate will be off. You know, same thing if your respiratory system's all messed up, your heart will be working faster, right? And so each system in your business can be measured and tracked by a metric. So your product system is measured by your refund rate. Your ad system, if you're running ads, which you won't be for a long time, but, you know, if, if eventually you do end up running ads in your business, then your ad system is measured by your return on ad spend, which means how much money do you make back if you spend a dollar? So like it's called ROAS. It's how you print money. You'll learn to do it in EasyGrow. Cold email is basically measured by appointment booking rate, and your sales system is measured by your sales conversion rate. Once again, in the same way that with your body, if one of these systems is out of whack in your body, then the body won't function properly and you'll, you'll really suffer or you'll die. In the same way that with your business, you've got all of these systems, and there's like a dozen of them. It's not just these four, there's lots more. And if one of these isn't functioning properly, then the business is gonna suffer immeasurably or it's going to die. And so the point here I'm making is that the primary metric that we use to measure success is an amalgamate of- ... of all of the smaller metrics that we use to measure success at a smaller local level. And to measure if systems are performing, we use something called key performance indicators. So a key performance indicator is basically a standard that we set that helps us know if we are in- if we're performing or not. Think of a KPI in the same way that those sailors would think about the North Star. Like, how do I know if I'm going in the right direction? Because if you don't have a key performance indicator, like how the hell do you know if- if you're healthy or not? Like, for example, they say that a- a healthy adult male should have a- a heart rate of roughly 60 to 70 beats per minute. So, if you don't know this and you measure your heart rate and your heart rate is 125 beats per minute, you don't know that you're unhealthy. You don't know that your heart rate's abnormal. You need something to com- com- compare it to and contrast it against. And this is why, like, you know, in science and stuff, like, you know, with, like obesity and- and all of these problems that people have, it's like you- y- the only reason you know you're obese is because you're- you're heavier than the average person (laughs). And, uh, to be fair, a lot of th- the averages is definitely increased over time, but, you know, we- we- we have metrics like body mass index and other metrics to use to- to measure the effect of- of- of weight and how heavy someone is on their health. And so, you know, you can use those metrics and those measurements to determine where you should be. And for example, you know, the KPI in your system... And I'm gonna color these ones in 'cause you know how much I like my color. The KPI of the system for your product in your business is a refund rate of less than 5%. So if your refund rate in your business is higher than 5%, then you are out of KPI, which means that you're doing something wrong. So KPI- metrics are l- like, these are feedback mechanisms. They tell us what's going on, right? So if- if in your body, for example, if your bone density is really low, then that's a sign that your mineral uptake is s- it just sucks. And like, you know, if you go to an osteopath, which is a person that works with- with people who have shit bones basically... It's probably not a nice way to put it, but someone who's got, like, weak bones, like, they'll take the measurement and if the KPI for bone density is plus one and you come in at plus- uh, minus three, the- the only reason that that osteopath knows that you're- you're abnormal and that you need to fix it is because you're not where you should be because of what they know is healthy for everyone, okay? So, that's how we use key performance indicators. And whenever you're running experiments or, you know, trying to become successful and making tests and stuff like that, you must learn to, um, to look at this- to look at these KPIs and to understand, like, what the hell are you actually aiming for? 'Cause if you don't know what you're aiming for, then you're gonna- you're gonna miss (laughs) 'cause you're not even aiming for anything. So, we're gonna also touch on asymmetry real quick. Um, this is another mental model that is, uh, uh, that- that- that is explained in Easy Grow in, like, a four-hour video, three-hour video. But anyway, so the thing is, is there are an infinite number of experiments that you could run at any given time. So the question becomes like, how do you know which ones to run and when, and how do you know what to focus on? Like, this might be a question that you're thinking about right now. It's like, if there's like hundreds of variables in my business, how do I know what to work on? Well, what you need to learn to do is focus on things called asymmetries. So asymmetries are certain things in your business that if you work on, um, move the needle the most. So you'll hear me use this- this phrase a lot throughout the training, which is move the needle, and- and this basically means, like, there are certain things in your business that will move you towards your goal if changed faster than other things. And this is called leverage. So leverage is basically defined as something, um, getting you what you want. In this case, it's moving you towards your North Star goal. So, certain actions in your business have more leverage than others. Like, for example, you could spend 20 hours building a fancy website or you could spend 20 hours building a- a- just making cold calls and booking appointments. Like, doing the cold calling thing is gonna be- has way more leverage. 'Cause if your goal is to make 100 grand, then you can spend 20 hours building a fancy website and make no money, or you can spend 20 hours doing cold calls and make like $30,000, right? Now, the latter is gonna move you towards your goal more, it has more leverage, so in contrast, the website is asymmetrical. So, by the way, about the website thing, we're gonna give you website templates, um, very shortly, so don't worry about the website thing and how to build a website. I'm gonna just give you the templates nice and easy. Um, but simply put, if you're wondering what to test and what experiments to run and what to focus on and when, it's as simple as basically isolating the biggest problem in the business and focusing on that. So, you cannot improve the entire business at once, so your job is to find and isolate the one thing that, if fixed, is gonna move you towards your goal the fastest and you just focus on that. And, you know, the asymmetry in your business is gonna be found in appointment booking, sales, or value delivery. So you wanna start by experimenting with and nailing appointment booking, because if you don't... Like, when it comes to, like, figuring out what to test first, you always wanna start by (laughs) testing your appointment booking systems, because you can't run any sales experiments without appointments. And also, like, once you've got the appointment booking thing nailed, then you need to run sales experiments because you can't run value delivery experiments without clients. So, if you're wondering what to work on and what order to work on it in and what to prioritize with your experimentation and your scientific ex- exploration here, you start by nailing your appointment booking systems and getting those things down to a T. Then you nail the- the sales systems. The reason you don't try and nail the sales system before the appointment booking system is because you don't have any sales calls to practice on. Like, how do you know if your sales script works or not if you haven't got any sales calls? And it's the same thing with trying to nail your product. Like, you obviously want to build a great product from the outset, and I'm gonna show you how to do this. But the thing is- is- is the only way you're gonna get better at your product and make a better product is by having clients. And the only way you're gonna get clients is by conducting sales calls, and the only way you're gonna get sales calls is by getting appointments. So, all of your attention should be focused at the- the source, you know? It's kinda like a river, like the river's not gonna flow if the source is empty, right? So you experiment by getting appointments first, nail that, then you nail the sales thing, you nail that, then you nail the product thing. And you obviously want to work on all three things consecutively, but...If you haven't got any sales calls, then focus on getting sales calls. And if you haven't got any clients, then focus on getting sales calls. And if you haven't got client results, then focus on getting clients. (laughs) Like, you know, you see what I mean. So at any given time in your business, there is one thing that you can experiment with and test that if nailed, will push you 80% further towards your goal than anything else. Like, almost always, there's always gonna be one thing. Now, you don't have a business yet, but once you do and it's up and running, you just always want to be looking for that one thing. Like, for example, for me, right now, the asy- the, the asymmetrical thing that I can work on is this program. Like, this is why I've literally spent, I'm spending like a year building this thing, because it's like, this is the biggest point of leverage for me, because right now in my business, I need more traffic to EasyGrow, which is why I've built this program. You know, I keep mentioning EasyGrow, as y- you can tell. And so, you know, the, the biggest problem I have right now with my business in getting past a million dollars a month is I want to do it with extreme levels of profit, which means that I, I need to get organic traffic and find new ways to get warm leads in who trust me and know me, who want to buy. And so the easiest way for me to do that, to, to, s- in a sustainable way that is very profitable is to build this course and make it available to you so that you can go through it, get results, and then buy EasyGrow. That's my intention, and that's why I'm spending a whole year on this. I've isolated the one thing that moves me towards the goal I want the most, which is 30 million a year right now. And I've no doubt we'll get to 30 million a year in due course, and this program's a huge component of that happening. Without this program, like that's, it's g- we can make it happen, but it won't be as profitable. Like, that's my goal, right? So now, we can actually look at the scientific method. So I know that we've obviously, um, brushed over what the scientific method is, and you, you kind of understand it in theory. You know, we've got the four steps. But what I'm going to do now is just give you a real quick rundown of a, of an ex- of a sort of, um, test experiment, so to speak, pun not intended, um, because you need to know how this works. Like, understanding the theory of all this stuff, it should be blowing your mind, and I'm hoping you now see the world in a different way. You might wanna watch this video again a couple of times. But, um, but how do we find these variables? Like, how do we actually run empirical tests and experiments and make this happen? Well, let me introduce you to the tool that made me a literal millionaire. So this is the scientific method, and this is the business edition. So anyone who's actually a scientist, like, maybe you can develop some level of appreciation for, for, for me extrapolating this into business, but this is how we do it from a business standpoint. And any time you want to run an experiment or a test, or any time something's wrong in your business and isn't working, I need you to come back to this video and I need you to use this process. And once again, I know I'm plugging it, but in EasyGrow I go into this in way more detail. I'm just giving you the high level for now. So the scientific method is fucking badass. It put a man on the moon, it took a picture of a black hole in space, it invented modern-day medicine and much more. If it can do all of these things, it can certainly get you to a point where you're successful in business. And I know it because I used it to do it. So we have the cycle, where we start by formulating our hypothesis. Once again, we're transcending the three levels. It can be macro-micro or micro-micro, right? We're testing the hypothesis, we're observing the results of the test, and then we're using the results of the test to iterate a new hypothesis to run the t- experiment again. And the scientific method is cyclical, which means that we rotate around this cycle by formulating new hypotheses, testing and observing them, iterating them, trying the new one out, and testing again. And so in the formulate section, what we're doing here is we're defining the variables and we're creating the f- the version of our hypothesis. Then we test it. Basically, we're exposing the hypothesis to the market to test its effectiveness. Then we're observing results, which is basically gathering data and observing the effect of the variable combination. And then we're iterating the hypothesis. So we're observing the results and getting the data, and then we're using the data to iterate the new hypothesis to hopefully make it slightly better. So we're gonna be using the cold calling system from the variable map for this example. So inside of the variable map of all the variables in, in the consulting business, spoiler alert, there's a lot more than this, but it obviously is simplified, right? We've got this section on cold calling. So we've got the level two variable of the cold call system, and inside of the cold call system, we've got these level three variables. So to clarify, and I- by the way, I've changed them out slightly for this example just to keep it simpler, but you get my point. So to clarify, the scientific method is specifically used at a micro level where we're shuffering- where we are shuffling level three variables to find level two variables that work. When we are experimenting, we are typically experimenting with the smaller variables, and this is the level that we iterate at. The objective of an experiment is to find results for a level two variable that are within KPI. So for example, w- like, the level two variable in this question is cold calling. And if we want to fix the cold calling system, we're gonna dive into the level three variables and we're gonna start experimenting with these. And by changing these, remember, we change this, then we change the thing above it, and then we change the thing above that. So here's the steps. So step one is to formulate the hypothesis, or at least like, you know, the, the basically the shell of the hypothesis. So I'm gonna put chain. Formulate hypothesis chain. So what this means is we need to define, step 1.1, is define the key variables. So what are the variables that make up this system? There's gonna be two to four. No more than that. You don't really want more than four, otherwise you get c- complex. You wanna define the key variables. What are the things that really, really impact this system? So in this instance, with cold calling, it's the gatekeeper process, the hook, and the pitch. These are the three things that we can play around with and change to change the cold calling system as a whole. The next step is to define the me- metrics and KPI. So what measurement are you actually gonna use to determine if the experiment is successful? So, you know, i- in this instance, the overall metric we're gonna use to track the effectiveness of the change or the experiment is the appointment booking rate. But then each of these little things has its own metric. So this metric here, this big metric, is made up of little metrics. So we would have the gatekeeper bypass rate, which means if I, if I call 100 businesses and speak to 100 gatekeepers, and a gatekeeper is like a receptionist or someone that's not the decision-maker that I need to get past to obviously pitch.If I call a hundred of them and I speak to a hundred gatekeepers and I manage to get through to 20 decision-makers, then my gatekeeper bypassing rate is 20%. And then we have the hook rate. So, you know, your pitch rate is basically once you get through to a decision-maker, how often are you able to pitch them? Because you need to say to them, "Look, I'm calling you. I'm trying to sell you something here. Like, can I pitch you this?" So if we speak to 10 decision-makers, or 100 decision-makers, sorry, and, you know, we hook, we try and hook them and we speak to 15, then our pitch rate is 15%. And then we have our conversion rate, which basically measures, of the people that we pitched, how many of them did we convert into an appointment? Now, this is a very specific example. I know I keep repeating myself here, but in EasyGrow, this is covered in so much more detail. This is such a high... I can't even begin to (laughs) explain how high level this is for acquisition, but, you know, you get the point. Metrics are made up of little metrics, which make up bigger metrics, blah, blah, blah. And then what we wanna do is we wanna establish the key performance indicator for each of these levels. So, for example, in the cold calling section in EasyGrow, we established the KPIs for each stage of the, of the cold calling process so that when you're experimenting, you know specifically what to, what to go between. And so once we've established the metrics and the KPIs we're gonna use to measure them, we need to establish the sample size. So how many times are you gonna test these variables? Like, if you're stringing together this chain and you're gonna, you're gonna build your own gatekeeper process, you're gonna build your own hook and build your own pitch, therefore you've built your hypothesis, like, how many times are we gonna test these three variables? Well, in this instance, we try making a thousand cold calls. Like, uh, this is a higher sample, so more testability. Then we need to establish the latency and timeframe, so how long will you run the test for and hit your sample size? 1.5 is make the test airtight. So, then you ask yourself, what could you int- what could possibly interfere with this test and skew the results at no fault of the variables? So airtight is a, is a, kind of a scientific term. Like, if you've got, like, a Petri dish, like a, a, if you're running an experiment on, like, a dish of bacteria, you need to make sure that that dish is airtight, because if there's any airborne bacteria or airborne minerals or water that can get into the experiment, it can fuck with the experiment and mess the result up. And the whole point of the scientific method is just to try and find the effectiveness of one variable. And so if you introduce a variable to a Petri dish, but then you've left the lid off, and then, like, now there's all these things coming into it, like, it's gonna mess the experiment up. Funnily enough, that's actually how penicillin was literally discovered, um, so, you know, big up Joseph for that, but whatever. Anyway, um, so for example, with our cold calling thing, something that could mess with the results is making cold calls during Christmas. Like, if we try and run the cold calling experiment during a time that no one's at work, then we're gonna get bad results. Or let's say that we have a really bad internet connection or a bad phone connection. It's gonna, we're not gonna sound, like, professional and people aren't gonna understand us. And this is just another variable that needs to be accounted for. So before you run an experiment, make it airtight. 1.6 is, um, create your version variables. So, now that you've lined up your chain of variables, you actually need to create your hypothesis. So you create your variables to establish a hypothesis. So for example, we've got version one of our gatekeeper process, we've got version one of our hook, and we've got version one of our pitch. And this overall makes version one of our cold calling process. This is now our hypothesis, okay? And so we've got our hypothesis V1. Next you establish the constants and the key variable. So now you define your constants, and these are part of the system, or part of the experiment rather, that directly or indirectly affect the ability of the sys- of the variable, sorry, to perform its function. And they must be held constant while it's running. So w- what this means is when you've got these things that you're looking to test, everything else in the experiment must be the same. So i- let's say that you make fi- let's say you make your first 500 calls with a USA number, with a USA phone number. But then you make your next 500 calls with a UK phone number. And then let's say there's a difference between those two things. Like, you now know, you no longer know now whether the change was because of the change to your key variables or because you changed your phone number. So for example, in cold calling, every call you must have the same tone of voice, you must have the same speech pacing, which is basically how quickly you talk. You know, p- you've gotta use the same lead sourcing techniques. You've gotta use the same of everything, basically. You've gotta call at the same time of the day, because if during this experiment, you know, 20% of the time you're calling at 3:00 PM, 50% of the time you're calling at 7:00 PM, you know, and then 10% you're calling at 9:00 AM, whatever, like, these are, these things are variables and the time of day you call is going to impact the experiment in some way, shape, or form. And the problem is, is that if you, if you vary anything else other than the one thing that you're trying to test, you no longer know what caused the result to happen. And so basically, ask yourself, what could influence the outcome of this experiment, um, other than the variables? So, you know, different tonality, et cetera, et cetera. And this is called ceteris paribus. So ceteris paribus is an incredibly important idea and it's Latin for, "all other things staying the same except for one." And ceteris paribus is the fundamental foundation of the scientific method, because the thing is, is when you're running an experiment, you can only test one thing at a time. One key variable can be changed at a time. Everything else must be held constant and the same. If you try testing two things at once and you observe a change, then you have absolutely no idea what brought that change on, so you can only test one variable at a time. What we're trying to do with experimentation and iteration in the scientific method, is we're trying to determine cause and effect. And if you change multiple causes and you get a different effect, you no longer know what caused that effect, which means that you can't make accurate decisions and you're gonna confuse yourself. So step two is to test the hypothesis. So, you know, you, you've, you've got your version one, you know, let it run. Step 2.2 is do nothing. (laughs) So whilst the test is running, do not fuck with the test. Don't make any changes. You're gonna have every emotional impulse under the sun to fuck around with it. But don't. Let it run. Decide how many you're gonna do and then run it. Remember, we're just here to experiment. We're not here to try and build a business or be successful. We're just trying to run experiments. Obviously you want to build a business and be successful, but the way you do that is by unemotionally running experiments. The one enemy of science is emotion. And if you bring emotion and impulse and change into your experiments, like if you get 500 cold calls in and then you find a fucking video on TikTok, 'cause you're an idiot and you're on TikTok, and then you find like, "Oh, o- on TikTok I saw this guy say this thing, so I'm gonna change this." No. Ceteris paribus, iron mind, no emotion, no impulse, no change, one variable at a time, be patient. Step 2.3 is log the data. So what's gonna happen as you run the test is you're gonna start to observe data. So you want to observe what's happening and keep a daily log of the data, um, in a spreadsheet. So for example, I borrowed this from EasyGrow. This is the, um, cold calling metrics, uh, sp- spreadsheet that we use. And so what this allows you to do every day is log down, like, how many calls have you made, how many DMs have you pitched. If you're testing your gatekeeper script, you're gonna log in, like, how many people have picked up, how many gatekeepers have answered, et cetera, et cetera. And, you know, you've got all of these things that you're gonna log every single day to measure the effectiveness of the cold calling system. And you need to log your data every day because the only point of doing the scientific method is getting data. The whole, the whole reason, like, we do this is actually just to get data so we can make better decisions. Building a business and becoming successful is about making the right decision consecutively over and over again. And the only way to make the right decision is to know it's the right decision, and the only way to know it's the right decision is by looking at data. Data and numbers will tell you what is right and what is wrong. And so, this is why we do this. This is not, we're doing- we're not doing this for any other reason than knowing what the right decision is every time. And the only way we know it's right is by testing an accurate empirical statistical observation, which is why you must log your metrics every time, okay? And I've got metrics, you know, in all of these folders up here, all of these are basically just metric folders, you know, that, that tell me different things about my business. So step three is observe results. So, the next thing to do in 3.1 is verify the data. So before you make any decisions, just check your data and (laughs) make sure that you've logged it properly and it's accurate and there's no anomalies. There might be anomalies, but make sure that they're not of your own fault. Step 3.2 is determine success. So, then what we're doing is we're sort of coming back to this diagram here, and we're asking ourselves, like, you know, we've got our baseline, which is where we were when we started the experiment, so was the experiment successful? Like, did this experiment deliver results within KPI? Did you progress away from baseline towards goal or did you regress away from baseline towards hell? And so, you know, every experiment has an outcome and the outcome can be measured on this nice little abstract diagram here. Um, and yeah, it, it, that's basically, you know, how you know if you're doing the right thing or not. And then, um, step four is iterating hypothesis. So once we've, once we've built a hypothesis, right, like this, and then gone out to test it and gather the data and observe the results and make sure they're good, well, now we can iterate the hypothesis. So, you know, the step 4.1 is to redefine key variables. So if appropriate, you may need to run more experiments to find KPI, to, you know, to get into that point that, you know, of, of success or to hit that goal. And if so, then you renote your key variables and the result they delivered. So for example, if I know that gatekeeper process V1, hook V1, and pitch V1 delivered an appointment booking rate of, let's say, 2%, you know, then we've established empirically in our market at this moment in time in our environment that this collection of variables delivers on average a 2% appointment booking rate. Okay? Do you have any idea how big that is to understand? You now have an advantage. (laughs) You now know that something works in a certain way. And if you do this hundreds of times, you're going to know hundreds of things that work. And so what you need to do now is recognize, okay, well, appointment booking rate of 2% might not be what we want. So the next thing to do is to pick the needle mover variable, 'cause we're gonna run another experiment, because we want this ABR to be like 5%. So if we wanna get to 5%, then we need to iterate away from this and try and improve it. So the next experiment is to pick the needle mover variable. So, to improve our appointment booking rate, you need to decide which variable you want to test. So now, we're no longer gonna be testing all three at once, we're just gonna be testing one at a time. So let me explain. So remember, you can only test one thing at a time. So after you've done your original version one test, you can now only test one variable at a time. So you need to now decide logically which variable if changed in the right way is gonna have the biggest impact. So for example, with these metrics here, in your last experiment, you might have really nailed the gatekeeper process. Maybe you get through to the decision-maker all the time. You also might have no trouble hooking decision-makers and getting them to the pitch. So the data will tell you, because if your gatekeeper, um, bypassing rate is like 95% and your pitch rate is like 92%, but your appointment booking rate is ni- is 2%, then you know there's no problem with your gatekeeper process and no problem with your hook. So you want to get metrics and measure metrics for each stage of these processes, and then that way you can, you know exactly where you're going right and where you're going wrong. And so what we would do in this case, if your gatekeeper process was in KPI and your hook process was in KPI, then you would iterate the pitch variable, because you can get through to the decision-maker and you can pitch to them real easy, but the problem is actually saying the right thing to get them to, to, to convert And so here we would, we would, we would edit the pitch, right? So step 4.3 is to recognize these new constants. So once you've decided the needle mover variable, the other two variables in this instance, or the other variables that you were experimenting with before, they now become constants in the next experiment. You cannot change them if you want to fairly assess the impact of the needle mover variable. Remember, Ceteris Paribus, you can only iterate one variable at a time. So what we're gonna do, and I'm gonna show you this in a second here, is we're gonna keep version one of gatekeeper, we're gonna keep version one of script, but we're gonna change the pitch. And so, you know, by changing the pitch to version two, we now have the cold calling process version two, which we can now run the experiment again with another thousand dials. And once we've done a thousand dials, we can look at the test and say, "Oh, maybe our appointment booking rate has gone to 3.7%. It's moved up." Or, "Maybe it's gone down to 0.7%. It's moved down." So we come back to version one and we experiment again, right? But, uh, in order to make the change, you need to pick your modification level. So when you're modifying your needle moving variable, you need to decide how much. So, you either modify it slightly. So if your, if the result of the first experiment is, is kind of okay and kind of in line with the goal, then, you know, you're just gonna, you're only gonna slightly modify the thing, 'cause you don't wanna change it completely because you're nearly there. If it's kind of off, like then you do moderate modification, which means the next version has some affinity, it's somewhat similar to the existing version. But if you completely botch the experiment, if version one is completely off, you know, and your appointment booking rate is like 0.3% even though your gatekeeper rate and your hook rate was fine, then you're gonna have to do complete modification, which means that the next version that you create of this n- of this needle moving variable has absolutely no affinity to the existing, existing version, right? So, affinity just means similar to, right? So you can modify it at three different levelsAnd, you know, i- i- knowing what type of modification to pick just depends on how far away you are from KPI off of the first experiment. And so, 4.5, using this modification technique, is recreate your version two hypothesis. So we hold the original variables, except for the one we want to change, constant, which means that we make no changes. We change one thing, and then we've got our version two. And then, step 4.6 is repeat step one. So then we come all the way back to step one, where we formulate our hypothesis, and then we just run the experiment again. And this is where this sort of cyclical thing, it comes in cyclically. So, we create the hypothesis, we tested it, over 1,000 calls. We observed the results, we got 2% ABR. And then we it- and then we've iterated our hypothesis to create a version two. And now we've kind of... This is all, all under the same thing, so we need to test it again, observe and iterate and keep going. And we cycle round, cycle round, cycle round. And after doing this, you know, maybe five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten times, we'll find a cold calling script or a cold calling process that is just, that just works. I- or you could buy EasyGrow but, you know, I'm giving you the tool you need in case you don't want to, right? So, um, yeah, you basically take your new hypothesis and run it through the same tests that you ran version one through. Um, now remember that you must follow all six of the rules laid out at the start of step three before drawing conclusions. So, you know, make sure that you've got a good sample size. You've accounted for latency, which basically just means that, you know, you're, you're accounting for any delays. Um, but actually this is kind of, um, latencies are more advanced, kind of. We won't worry about that. We won't concern ourselves with that. Um, don't worry about it, basically. It's, it's only for, like, much more complicated experiments at a significantly higher level of business. So don't worry. Um, so yeah. Make sure you've got all these things in a row, and this is basically how you build everything in your business (laughs). This is the scientific method. Now, people kind of get this. Like, you might have heard gurus before who talk about A/B split tests, where they're like, "Oh, yeah, just split test it, bro." Th- they're kind of, th- they're, they're on the right track, 'cause that's kind of a scientific test. But this is the, this is an A/B split test on steroids, and this is how you really should think. So, anytime someone just says they need to do an A/B split test, like, it can sometimes be appropriate, but y- you need to kind of do your A/B split tests thoroughly and like this, okay? So if you follow all 18 of these steps, and there's 18 of these steps, I thought there was only S- only 14 or 13. I made this, um, I made this document a while ago. If you follow all 18 of these steps properly, you literally cannot fail. And I mean this in every sense of the word. The only variable is time. You just need to give the scientific method enough time to work and shuffle variables. It'll take time, but it'll work. Like, if you actually follow the scientific method, if you actually do this cyclical thing, you cannot fail. It's, it, like, as l- for as long as you keep trying, you can't fail anyway, by definition. But this is how you find anything that works. Unless you get really lucky, then you gotta do the scientific method. And I'm sure you don't wanna rely on luck as a strategy in business, 'cause it's a pretty bad one. So that's the scientific method, business edition. And you can also open up a summary of all the steps here, and you can observe them, um... Oh, that shouldn't be there. And you can observe them here, mkay? So we just get rid of this, and then you've got the summary. So you can see all of the steps to the scientific method in a nice, neat little order here. Okay? Now, the last thing we're gonna look at is variation. So, we've kind of, we've kind of covered variation. Once again, this is a topic that in EasyGrow is just like, there's like a whole thing on it, but I'm just gonna cover it quickly here, um, 'cause you need to know it. So as you should recall from earlier, information is the bedrock of a business. It is used to change level three variables that in turn have a major impact on the business as a whole. The quality of the information that you have determines the quality of your business. Now, variation of information is the key to this whole thing. So, in the same way that like, you know, if a spider lays eggs and if, if it, if it hatches 500 spiderlings, you know, all of those spiderlings will be slightly different to, you know, basically account for the change in environment. Uh, this is because your environment, um... Sorry. I'm gonna start this bit again (laughs). Variation of information is the key to the whole thing. It's been a long video. Um, this is because your experiments can only be as good as the information informing them. So this is a really important thing. Like, a good scientist is only a good scientist because they know what to test, right? And obviously we can remove the emotion and do the empirical experiments and stuff, but you need to have the right information. Without variation, entire species will die and businesses will fail. This is why most people suck at business, by the way. Like, this is why most people just, w- why most of these sort of start a business online courses and videos do not help. So I'm sure you've done this before or seen this before where, you know, some guru is selling like a course and, you know, it kinda sucks and no one really gets results, and it's because there's no variation. Like, ev- everyone has the same thing. It's like, you know, th- they, th- they say like, you know, "I'll just sell this one thing on, on Amazon," or like, "This is the best drop shipping product to sell." And then everyone does it, and then it's no longer the best thing to sell because there's no variation, right? And, and this is how we die. So, this is why I've not given you the best niche or the best service, because then everyone would copy it and there would be no variation, and as a species we would die. And I'm responsible for you guys, so I don't want you to die, right? At least in a business sense, or not personally, of course. Um, although I don't know you, I would rather you didn't die, right? (laughs) So anyway, like, I'm not biasing you towards a niche or a service in any way. This is gonna be the same thing when we come to the cold email th- and the cold calling and the cold DM and the content processes. Like, I'm not going to give you like, you know, say exactly this. Because if you do that, it won't work, 'cause everyone will do it. Now, in EasyGrow we do that, because in EasyGrow there's only like a thousand people, you know, or like, it's, it's a much more elite group. But with the size of this community, as I'm sure you've observed, if I unleash like a new cold email, like, template, everyone's gonna use it and it's gonna stop working. So I can, I can do that in EasyGrow, which is, which is why we do, because there's less people using it. But at this level, uh-uh, not gonna happen. But I'm still gonna give you the best training that you're ever gonna find at this level for acquisition. Don't worry about that. But my point here is we're gonna go through principles, we're gonna go through ideas, we're gonna go through how to do it, not just do this, 'cause you can't copy and paste your way to success. You can if you're the only person copying and pasting, but.The second that (laughs) like more than one person does, it just-- yeah, it just-- it doesn't work. So variation is the key to evolutionary success. It's the random mutation of genes that has brought about humans, owls, willow trees, and all successful species we know today. This program will give you the variables you need to succeed, but I implore you to introduce your own calculated and random variation. So there are countless combinations of variables that we can combine to test, and there is no end to variation. You can have as much fun as you want with it, and you can apply almost anything to business to see if it works. My best systems that I've ever made have not been copy and pasted. They are the result of re- relentless iteration of random variables. Now this is kind of a key word here, is this word randomness, because this is how nature does it. Like nature's only tool for variation is randomness. So you know how... Like you know how on that game show, like Who Wants to be a Millionaire, you get to phone a friend if you're not sure what to do, you phone a friend? Well, when it comes to client acquisition or business, I'll put business here specifically, when it comes to business, that friend is randomness. So if you're ever stuck in a corner or snookered or trying to build a business system, should say business, sorry, try randomness. I'm not even joking. Turn to a random page in a random book, pick a random line, and see how you can apply it to your business. Learn from nature, 'cause you never know what you're gonna discover. Like you want to become this mad scientist basically, and you want to become random and somewhat unpredictable. Like, you know, if I'm like, if I'm building a new, like if I'm making like a YouTube video, and I'm trying to think of like a hook for a YouTube video, like I'm not even joking, sometimes if I'm not sure what to say in the hook, I'll just go to my library, pick out a random book, a random page, shut my eyes, point at one word, and I'll see if I can build the hook around that word, and it works. (laughs) Like, you know, because if you're using randomness, then you're, you're really truly kind of truly experiencing variation in your business, then no one's going to be like you. A lot of the time, it won't work. And this is why, like, you know, in, in nature, like most of the variants are not preferable. M- Like most information you find for your business will not be good, and most of it will suck. But sometimes you'll come across something that just changes the game completely, and the only way you're going to do that is by just trying things that are random. Now, not completely random, obviously they have to make sense, but I'm hoping you can get the point. I hope you can understand. So variation is the key of evolution, and, you know, once you understand that and you use it, you'll crush everyone. So just to sort of summarize this video in a sentence or two, maybe I could have saved you the time, but I, I think giving you the context and the full understanding was important. You know this phrase, if, if at first you don't succeed, try and try again? Well, that's for idiots, because if you do the same thing over and over again and expect a different result, then you're insane. And that's not the definition of insanity, but a popularized one. Like if you try something and it doesn't work, and you try it again, it's not going to work again. You must shuffle variables and you must have variation. So if at first you don't succeed, iterate and then try and try again. Okay? This line here is bullshit, (laughs) because if you do something and it doesn't work, and you do it again, it's not going to work again. But if you do something and it doesn't work, you look at why it didn't work, you look at the feedback, and then you iterate what you did, and then you try that new thing, then it might work. Okay? That's the lesson of this video. So in this video, we've gone through the iteration explain, we've gone through iteration explained, we've gone through Medelong Evolution, uh, DNA, applied evolu- evolutionary biology. We've been through the scientific method, um, twice, you know, we kind of went through that twice. Macro versus micro iteration, iterating towards goal, measuring experimental outcomes, metrics, you know, variation and symmetry, and the scientific method. We've, we've been through this. This has been a bit of a mission. This video has taken me, uh, nearly three weeks to make, (laughs) to be completely honest with you. And I hope that it serves you well, and I hope that, you know, you've taken what you need to know from this. And I implore you to just rewatch this thing, 'cause this really is the secret. And, um, yeah, I hope you enjoyed it. And, um, I'm looking forward to seeing you in the next video. Take care