# 1.9. Six Figure Secret Sauce (Week 1)

(intro music plays) Hey, everyone. Charlie Morgan here. Now, we launched Imperium Academy about one month ago. By the time that you watch this, that could be six months ago, 12 months ago, maybe more, maybe less. And one thing that we've had, having had 33,000 people join within the first month, is a, pardon my French, shit ton of requests for more content, more support, more contact with me, and more systems for outreach, more client acquisition stuff, more service delivery stuff, just more, more, more. And I have received, I don't know, hundreds of DMs, maybe thousands at this point, from people asking me for additional content, my team members have received so much, and so what we've basically done to supply this demand is create something called Premium and VIP. Now, Imperium Academy is, and will always be, completely free. Weeks one through six, the community, et cetera, is always gonna be completely free as a gift from me to you. However, a lot of people in this community are incredibly serious about their success and they're looking for content advanced beyond weeks one through six, so they can get to that 10K a month mark faster. People who buy VIP and Premium typically have, um, one of two goals. They either want to achieve financial freedom or they want to get to 10K a month, and the reason that they buy Premium or VIP is because they want to do those two things faster, or with more ease, with less pain, less getwork- guesswork. And so what I'm gonna do in this quick video is explain and walk you through what Premium is, what VIP is, and what's inside. Now, I will start with the guarantee. If you buy Premium or VIP and you do not sign at least two high ticket coaching, agency, or consulting, or info clients, or B2B service clients within the first 12 months of your purchase, we will give you a full refund, no questions asked. And that doesn't mean to say you're only gonna sign two clients, what it means to say is you're safe, okay? And I'm not g- gonna stand here and scam you and rip you off for some low ticket payment. But quite frankly, I wanna walk you through it and I'm really excited. What you'll also notice about this video is I'm in a calm demeanor. I'm not gonna scream at you and use loads of sales tactics to get you to buy this thing, I'm not gonna shout at you until I'm blue and red in the face and force you to buy this thing and give you, you know, some value stack or s-... I'm just gonna explain it and show you exactly what you get, and when you see exactly what you get and the price that it costs, your- your brain's gonna explode because we've completely overloaded this thing with probably far more value than we, quite frankly, should've. Um, and so if you wanna take advantage of that, that is entirely up to you. So, we have two tiers. First of all we've got... Well, there's three tiers. You've got the free- the completely free tier for Imperium Academy that you still retain your access to completely, which is obviously weeks one through six, alongside the community as well. That doesn't change. That can still help you achieve financial freedom, it can still help you get to six figures, however, getting to 10K a month or achieving financial freedom is going to be, A, so much faster, and B, so much easier if you are a VIP or Premium member, and I'll explain why. So, first of all we have Premium, okay? Which is sort of the mid tier. And inside of Premium we have 10 little things. They're actually quite bi- big (laughs). We've got the 10K a Month Growth Playbook, we've got the 1:1 Implementation Call, 6 Figure Lead Generation, Cold Email System, Cold DM System, Cold Calling System, Paid Ad System, Agency Service Delivery, 7 Figure Agency Blueprint, and Go High Level Mastery, and I'm gonna walk you through all of these in depth in a second. Then, inside of VIP, Charlie GPT, Appointment Setting to the Max, VIP Hangout Archive, and '21 to Present Coaching Archive. Now, if you purchase VIP, then you also get everything that is included in Premium, okay? Um, so that kind of is pretty self-explanatory. Also, if you buy Premium and then decide to upgrade to VIP, um, the difference will be discounted. So let's say that Premium was... And- and it's not, but let's say that Premium was, uh... I'm not gonna even bother with the pricing thing, but let's say that Premium, you buy Premium and then you decide on V- you wanna buy VIP a day later and upgrade, um, it will discount the difference. I would use... Most people... I can- I can actually tell you this, when we launched this, um, we've had, um, a bunch, like, loads of purchases for both of these products. However, 95 or 96%, I can't remember exactly, of people just go straight to VIP, because the- the value is significant. So, let's have a look. So the first thing is the 10K a Month Growth Playbook, and this is inside of Premium, also inside of any VIP purchase. What we're doing in the 10K a Month Playbook is satisfying a need that lots of clients had. They had gone through weeks one through six and they'd built the business and they'd built the foundations, they'd got everything set up, but then they were kinda like, "Oh, like, I want to get to 10K a month just faster." Now, it's important to understand, one of your questions might be, when should I buy Premium VIP? Should I go through weeks one through six first, or should I buy it immediately? If it were me, and I can tell you what I would do, I would buy it immediately or as soon as I could afford it because of a few reasons. First of all, it holds you madly accountable to doing the work and seeing off the weeks that you need to complete. And also having access to the Charlie GPT, and all the other content that supports weeks one through six, will get you there faster. So you're still gonna use weeks one through six and you're still gonna build your business in the step-by-step format for free that I've laid out, but having VIP and Premium will make everything so much clearer and you'll be able to jump between different modules to get things done way faster, specifically with the appointment booking stuff, the client acquisition stuff, the offer stuff, um, service delivery, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. So in the 10K a Month Growth Playbook, in week seven, which kind of rounds off weeks one through six, we start with Apocalyptic Imperial Scale, which is a three-hour, 30-minute-long video walking you through exactly how to scale a business.... from getting a client or two to all the way to 10K a month to 100K a month, if that's what you want. And what you can see here is we have a, you know, typical (laughs) m- Charlie Morgan-style videos here, um, incredibly detailed abstractions on how to scale. Then we have 6 Figure Decentralization, and what we're doing here is walking you through the math, the KPIs, troubleshooting, priorities, hiring, hiring hierarchies, hiring thresholds, how to decentralize and basically make hires, and show you, you know, exactly sort of what to do and when to do it to get to 10K a month. Then we walk you through how to hire. So going from your first couple of clients to 10K a month is all about hiring people, and so we walk you through a entire step-by-step process on exactly how to hire top 1% talent, and we give you everything from, um, how to hire reps, appointment setters, um, all the hiring funnel templates, even the templates that you need to use from a contractor d- perspective as well. Then we show you how to build standard operating procedures for the people you've hired. Then we give you the VA Masterclass, and finally, a little bonus roadmap here, um, from one of my live events on how to go from zero to 100K a month, and you can see this is me presenting live, sort of walking you through the full roadmap to go from 0 to 30 to 100, all the way up, um, with all my clients here, okay? And so that's the 10K Month Growth Playbook, which honestly, standalone, would justify the price of Premium. The way that I've created each of these modules and each of these courses and each of these sort of elements to these products, these 15 different value propositions, is each of them standalone is worth the price of admission to VIP. That's how I've structured this, and by the way, if you want to buy it now, you can go to s- you can literally go to this link, school.com/academy/plans, and, y- there'll, there'll also be a link in the description, um, at the top of this video that you can click to buy it, okay? (laughs) So if that wasn't enough, we then have the one-on-one implementation call, and basically, what you can do by clicking this link here when you're inside of Premium is book a call with a professional member of my team, and what we'll basically do on this call is walk you through a specific roadmap on everything you need to do to get to 10K a month, okay? These calls are only 15 minutes long. They're not like an hour long or anything crazy, but you can basically get a really clear roadmap on exactly what you need to do and work on and how you need to navigate all of the content, okay? So clients absolutely love this. We've done like a hundred, 2, 3, 4, 500 of these already, whatever, it's crazy, and people are loving them, and, you know, I'm having to hire more people to do these calls because the demand is so bloody high, (laughs) um, and so, you know, you can come in, book the- b- book, book the implementation call, get some one-on-one support from my, from one of my team members that I've worked with and trained directly, and they will help you navigate all the content and show you exactly what you need to do, mkay? So then we have 6 Figure Lead Generation, and what we're doing in 6 Figure Lead Generation is walking you through how to organically source manual leads on Facebook, on LinkedIn, on Instagram, on X, or for email, and again, all of these videos are tactic-based step-by-step instructions that walk you through everything you need to know to source thousands of leads on these platforms, basically today or tomorrow. Then we have the Cold Email System for Outreach, and so what we're doing in this five-stage video sequence is walking you through the conversion system, the technical setup, the deliverability mechanisms we use, the exact email templates we use to book appointments, and how to launch your campaigns and actually manage s- the whole system. You'll notice that the practical outreach videos are short, and so this is intentional because you can basically come in here and set up your entire email system within a day, and that's designed to help you manually book anywhere between three to five appointments per day using these systems, and this works, and you can tell it works because we've got people who are in VI- VIP already ranting about this thing working who are then moving on to buy Easy Grow basically immediately. Okay, then we have the Cold DM System here, and so what we're doing in here in this simple three-video sequence, and again, these videos are, this entire thing's an hour long, you can build this in a second literally, is we walk you through the conversion system for Cold DMs and, and how we do this, and you can kind of get a little idea of what that looks like here. Then we give you all of our proven templates for following up, for sending looms, for sending the initial message, and then we give you the workflow and walk you through how to track the whole thing and everything is sort of there. It's a little system in a box. Again, is this gonna get you to 100K a month? No, it's not. It's not designed to get you to, you know, 30K a month, 50K a month, 100K a month. It's just designed to get you your next few clients so you can get a leg up to then purchase Easy Grow or basically just start making some, you know, some decent money just t- just to replace a full-time income. And that's another way to get, you know, a few calls a day. Then we have cold calling. This is a little more comprehensive. It's called Divine Dialing, and we've used this to help thousands of people get results, mkay? And so what we have in Divine Dialing is a series of videos that walk you through everything you need to know with how to get appointments using cold calls. We show you how to pitch the decision-maker, and I'll even walk you through, um, in this thing, specifically how to actually have the script, and you can even see part of it here. We give you the entire script, the entire conversation flow, how to improve the script and build your own, how to overcome all objections on the call, how to overcome the fear of rejection, um, e- all the standard operating procedures, everything from daily metric tracking, um, and, you know, all the spreadsheets we used. We even have a cold calling resource hub here as well, um, you can get an idea of, um, and the, the workflow for outbound dialing, and I can just give you a little look into that if you want. Then we show you how to hire cold callers, so specifically how to actually hire people, then we give you a brand-new script that works really well and also some examples. So we have this Cold Call Vault here which walks you through live cold call examples that you can listen to to get better at cold calling. If you do all of that, again, you'll book another few appointments a day. Is it gonna get you to 100K a month? No. Is it gonna get you to financial freedom and 10K a month way faster if you have it? Absolutely. And so those are the systems that we have for organic appointment booking, and when you supplement weeks one through six with these three systems, getting to financial freedom or 5K a month or 10K a month is easier and fasterThe whole point of weeks one through six is to help you set the business up and give you some indication of how to book appointments, but obviously not fully. W- it's all about testing, it's all about iteration, right? You know this by now, you're going through the content. And the purpose of these things is you just, it just means you don't have to test anything. You can literally buy your way to a version of the variables that work. It saves you from having to do any testing, it saves you from having to face thousands of rejections before you know what works, and if you ask me, that's a pretty worthwhile investment, okay? You're just saving yourself thousands ... Literally, you're saving yourself probably 1,000 hours of trying to figure out what works. For the sake of the price, what do you value time at, right? That's a little sales strategy for you there. Then we have the paid ad system. So this is also insane. (laughs) I'm sorry, it's like when I, when I talk about what we're actually doing here and what we're selling and what we're selling it for, it does, it does make me question whether or not I'm insane or not. Um, if, again, each module would be worth admission to VIP itself. So we have the paid ad system, which shows you how to build VSL funnels, and we walk you through the fundamentals of marketing, how to build out a proper funnel for running ads and running low-budget ads to actually get appointments. We walk you through the entire email sequence and lead nurture sequence, so people that didn't book calls, how to actually track your ads, principles for advertising. Then we give you all of the sort of copy and creative in, in, you know, sort of direct form of exactly what you'd need to say, how to bet out your audiences, how to bet out your ads, and how to actually optimize and scale here. Um, and so again, this is, this ads training is designed for beginners. It's not designed to get you to 500k a month. I'm, I'm not gonna lie to you. This is th- th- I wanna be dead transparent and dead honest with you here, that this training, VIP Premium, it's built to help you get your next couple of clients, so, you know, manually, using beginner-based stuff that is slightly more advanced than what you'd find in weeks one through six. But it's not, it's not here to get you to 50 to 100k a month. It's just not. It's here to get you... Now, I just wa- I, I just wanna be honest. Like, I don't wanna, I wanna set your expectations perfectly in line with what this is gonna get you. It's gonna help you get your next five, maybe 10 clients, get you to that 5 to 10k a month mark, either 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10k a month, just so you can replace your full-time income, become financially free, and then move on to buy EasyGrow. That's who this is for, okay? So if you're watching this expecting, you know, to get to 100k a month with this, that's not gonna happen. Then, this is, this is insane. If you're a done-for-you agency, whether you are a marketing agency, an AI automation agency, any sort of done-for-you business, or if you've got a done-with-you component to your thing, we have this thing called Agency Service Delivery Systems, which is 64 or maybe 74, I can't remember exactly, videos on everything you need to know about building an agency. Now, this is specifically designed for seven figures, okay? So when it comes to infrastructure, um, this walks you through all the infrastructure that we had in our business for Northflow Consulting, our first agency, to get to 100k per month, okay? So everything from free trials, how to get paid, agents, you can just, you can just sort of pause here, contract tem- contract agreement templates. Like, as far as service delivery goes, as well, if you're s- if you're not, if you're doing coaching or you're doing consulting or you're selling, like, a course or s- some sort of one-on-one work, this will still crush, because it still gives you all the onboarding stuff we use, how to support clients, follow-up systems for clients, expectations, contract guidelines, launching stuff, um, you know, building funnels for clients, database reactivation, like, local service delivery, like, increasing share-outs for clients, Facebook Ads. Like, it's, i- it is un- un- to, to go through this all in, in as much detail as I'd love to, it'd simply take me too long. Um, everything, like, everything, you know, how to find team members, hiring stage evolution, hiring funnels, like team and payouts and salary. Like, how to, you know, again, like, um, these videos are, are detailed and, you know, they're, they're sort of (bleep) ... step here, you know, with specific instructions that walk you through everything. You know, and it's, it's, it's honestly kind of obscene that we're giving this for the price we're giving it for. And then, on top of this, what we do is we give you GymGrowth Accelerator. GymGrowth Accelerator, you've probably never heard of it, it's the flagship program that we used to sell for, you know, 10 to $20,000 to gyms for our local business marketing agency. Um, and it walks you through the entire thing. Um, here, walks you through all of the modules, all of the resources that we used specifically for local business service delivery for our agency. And again, this might not be wholly relevant if you're not a gym marketing agency, but you can get so much information from this that you can use to increase your service delivery and keep clients forever, okay? The goal of that is to basically improve your retention for 18 to 24 months. And that's actually will happen, because that's how long we kept clients for at Northflow. Then we have the Seven Figure Agency Blueprint. Again, also applicable to consulting agencies, coaching agencies. Um, our CMO, Suzie, who we pay an obscene amount of money to, um, to run all of our marketing, she is the best marketer that I've ever met. And because of that, she works for us (laughs) or with us. Um, she's our, one of our partners in the business and she's our chief marketing Officer. What we asked her to do was break down a five-step, easy-to-follow, direct sort of course on how she got her agency to 100k a month. She, she does consulting and other done-for-you work as well, so it's kind of coaching, consulting, and agency work all in one. These videos are very pragmatic and to-the-point because that's very much her style, um, but she'll walk you through everything on how she does agency sales, agency systems. She makes literally hundreds of thousand dollars a month as a fractional CMO for us and other people. One of the best marketers I've ever met in my life. And that module alone, again, is worth admission to VIP. Like, it's, yeah, starting to question my sanity a little bit here. Then we have GoHighLevel Mastery. Um, (laughs) again, for any of you that have to use GoHighLevel, um, or will find yourself using GoHighLevel for yourself, for clients, GoHighLevel, if you're not familiar with it, is a platform that you can use as a CRM, a funnel builder, uh, a sort of outbound dialer, cold calls, automations, AI agents, funnels, courses, communities. When I tell ya this is probably, to date, the best course ever produced on GoHighLevel, I'm not kidding. So let me just break all these down. I'm just gonna click on them and you can just see. So we've got the intro, use cases, subaccounts, snapshot management, contact opportunities, calendars, payments, AI agents, which is coming soon, emails, phone system, affiliate man- manager, automations, funnels and s- sites, course and communities, analytics, data, user management, settings, and, uh, I'm, I'm, I'm losing the plot here, but look at this. I mean, it is, it is obscenely, disgustingly detailed with how much information has gone into here. Again, you know, these videos are in detail. They're not just quick, like, one-minute videos. It's that they're actually quite thorough, quite, very thorough. Um, and that will help you, you know, retain clients for longer, but also you can use GoHighLevel to get clients. You can use it to automate your business. There's 101 implications of this that will help you, you know, with things. Now, that's Premium, and a lot of people look at Premium and think, "Okay, that's really sick and I wanna buy it." But then they look at VIP, and VIP makes a lot more sense to purchase when you look at the prices, but you can make your own decision. Everything inside of Premium is included if you buy VIP. ... kind of goes without saying. So, let me walk you through the VIP stuff. (laughs) And, this, this thing here is probably worth its weight in literal gold. We have Charlie GPT, and Charlie GPT is basically an AI bot that we have produced. So, what we've done is taken every single piece of content I've ever made, both paid, mastermind, ads, internal meetings, coaching calls, YouTube videos, business YouTube videos, internal meetings, internal huddles, like, every single recording. Anything I've ever done or said that has been recorded on video has been transcribed and fed into a bot. And there's, I don't know, I don't know, God knows how many, like, tens of thousands of hours of me talking and just using my brain to think and articulating those thoughts that we fed into a custom AI bot that's been developed by my team internally that you can ask anything anytime. And this thing is insane. Like, this alone is probably worth quad— like ten times the value of VIP, but it's here. And so once you're in VIP, you can come in here and press Chat, and you can ask this thing literally anything. But this is awesome because, you know, you can literally come in here and ask it anything, and it's... So you could ask it to audit your offer, you can ask it to review your niche, you can ask it to review any email copy you've got, any DM copy, it can review your sales script. It can do literally anything. And what it will do, the great thing about this bot, is it will focus on this. So let's say I was like, "How do I buy a Ferrari?" And you wanna, you wanna figure out, like problem solve with that. So let's focus on your business first, higher income streams as well as revenue goal. Let's tackle that. So I'd say, "My revenue goal, I want," look at this, "I want to make 10K a month." You know, this thing's smart, and it's... Bear in mind, it's been trained on me. So, "What's your niche? Do you have an offer?" Um, "Yes, I work with gyms and offer more members." And it will probably ask me to be more specific with the offer here. Um, yeah, unique selling proposition, how you're different. And so you can kind of get a feel for how this thing works just by me sort of playing around with it here. I'll be like, "We, um, we don't have a unique selling point. Can you help?" And it will might, it might ping that back on me and be like, "Well, you need to think about that." But here we go. It's like, you know, it will start... It will basically build your business with you, and it (laughs) fucking insane. Like, I've played it, I've, I've stress tested the living shit out of this thing. I've spent probably, I don't know, 20, 30, 40, 50 hours ta- battling this thing to try and just make sure that it is absolutely perfect, and I'm bloody happy with it, you know. And it will basically walk you through everything together and just give you that sort of extra support that you need. And so that's the AI bot and how that thing works. It's honestly, it's biblical. It's insane. So moving on from that, we then have appointment setting to the max, and this is basically a collection of five incredibly exclusive mastermind or high-ticket heaven recordings that have only, up until this point, been available to our high-ticket heaven clients that pay us the big sums. You know, to meet with us in person, get one-on-one coaching with me, et cetera. And so what we have in appointment setting to the max here is basically these five masterclasses. Um, each of them are around an hour long, and basically it's my head of appointment setting, William, William Selway, who, who basically runs all of our appointment setting teams, all of our outbound support for Easy Grow, High Ticket Heaven, Nirvana, et cetera. Um, him delivering appointments on building setting teams and how to basically manage appointment setters and also use setters and other setting infrastructure to generate dozens of appointments every single day. This is honestly, by far and large, some of the most advanced and, um, applicable training to agents and coach consultants on how to build setting teams and how to just generate ob- obscene amount of appointments with setting. Um, I trust Selway with... I think, genuinely think Selway is probably the best in the world at this at the moment. Um, we call him Selway. He's actually a close friend of mine. So you can sort of get a feel for how these things work. It's, it's direct Q&A, live Q&A. He walks everyone through, like, his tracking sheets, the leaderboards, how it's structured, how the setting teams are structured, which is obviously pretty insane. And then, and I (laughs)... Again, this was something I was like, "Hmm, do I actually do this or not, or is it a little bit too much?" We've got the 2021 to present coaching archive, and this is obviously a VIP collective here. I've been doing, um, live Q&As with... I think I've signed 5,000... Four, four or 5,000 Easy Grow clients up until this day, from 2021. And in that time, I have done, I don't know, like hundreds, if, if not literally thousands of Q&As. Thousands of hours of question and answer with clients specifically in Easy Grow talking about appointment booking, sales, lead generation systems, and how to get clients. And what we've done over the last four years, or five years, or whenever you watch this from, is we've taken every single coaching call we've ever done, and we've recorded them. And not only have we recorded them, but we've recorded them every single year, every single week, every single day, all the way up until 2024 here, um, with live Easy Grow clients. And so what you can do is you can come on here, and I'm not afraid to sort of show you some of this, and you can basically watch the recordings back, and they all tend to be, like, you know, one or two hours long. You can sort of see how these work. So they're live Easy Grow Q&As with live clients inside of Easy Grow. You can see all of the questions in here, and then basically you can see me here in the corner answering people's questions, consulting live, and giving direct support. This one, for example, is an hour and a half. Literally all you need to get to 10K a month is in these coaching call recordings. Any question, any problem, any issue, anything you could ever run into or need help with, I've already answered in these coaching calls over a thousand times. And that's not even an exaggeration here. And so you can come in, and you can basically just download them, watch them, get them into MP3 formats, and just listen to as many as you possibly can. And genuinely, like, I, I kid you not, every... The answer to every single problem that you could possibly face from a client acquisition standpoint or a scaling standpoint to get to 10K a month or financial freedom is in here.... and that's it. (laughs) It's kind of insane. And so, you know, the question then becomes, you know, "Well, Charlie, how does this differ from EasyGrow? Because yes, this all sounds amazing, but I thought that EasyGrow was the thing you wanted me to buy." It absolutely is. And make no mistake, EasyGrow is still an absolute heavyweight and powerhouse in its own right, but I wanna make some things very clear for you here around how VIP and EasyGrow differ, and how VIP, or Premium, is a stepping stone for you to purchase EasyGrow. The, the end goal here, um, as it- as I've sort of made very clear for me from a incentive perspective, is for you to purchase EasyGrow. That is my end goal, by a mile. Because EasyGrow is the thing that will help you stabilize six figures, multi six figures, and keep scaling and make ton- just basically become rich. Go from being sort of, "I'm financially free," to, "I'm actually a fucking millionaire," right? However, how is this different? So first of all, the appointment systems in Premium and VIP are manual, okay? And EasyGrow has systems that run without you, but VIP does not. So all of the systems in VIP are designed to be run by you and you alone, because we're not trying to build any, like, massive teams here or build any massive infrastructure. We're just trying to get some appointments in the door, get some clients signed so you then have leverage to then buy access to systems that are automated. So if EasyGrow leverages AI, VIP does not, with the exception obviously of the AI, um, AI bot here. All the EasyGrow client acquisition systems contain AI, much more advanced automation. EasyGrow has more advanced tracking and automation capabilities, and VIP does not. EasyGrow has more advanced sales training, VIP does not. EasyGrow teaches inbound systems like YouTube content, email newsletters, podcasts, et cetera. VIP does not. EasyGrow focuses on outsource and hiring, VIP does not. EasyGrow contains a ton of AI-specific systems, VIP does not. EasyGrow has a community of nearly, at this point, a thousand high-level people, VIP does not. EasyGrow has 100 plus coaching calls every single month with direct support from my entire team across every single sort of management structure that I've got. Everybody supports you in EasyGrow, whereas VIP does not have this. As well as this, EasyGrow has Acquisition Genesis, which is very in-depth offer in each training, whereas VIP does not. Okay? What I will also say is that the scripts and templates in EasyGrow are more up-to-date and more advanced, and there's more of them and they're more varied. And so, you know, in the cold calling system, in the ad system, in the email system, in the (cash register cha-ching) ... ad system, I'm gonna give you templates that work, but in EasyGrow you're gonna have like ten. You're gonna have way more templates that work, and we're also gonna show you how to write your own in EasyGrow as well. So p- again, these systems work and they will get you your next couple of clients. They're gonna get you to that- that point where you're making some good money. However, they're not gonna get you to the point where you can- w- well, they run without you and you have all these systems and you have a team and you have like a prof- (cash register cha-ching) That scared the shit out of me. This is, this is what happens. Someone just bought Premium, I think. Yeah, that's another thing, by the way, guys. If you buy Premium, you can literally jump scare me, okay? If you buy VIP or Premium, you will scare the shit out of me. (laughs) But you get the point. So the point I'm making here is that EasyGrow is one up. It's way more advanced, way more detail, way more in depth. But VIP is a good place to start. And VIP alone, like, you- th- the way that I built my programs is I want you to sort of imagine it like this. VIP itself, you should probably be paying $5,000 to $6,000 for. And I'm, I'm not even joking. Th- that's not even like a stretch. And I think once you're in there, and if you ask anyone inside of VIP, they'll probably agree with you. Like, this is the kind of thing that you'd expect to pay $4 to $5 to s- maybe $6,000 for. EasyGrow is something you'd expect to pay $15 to $20K for, but it's not that expensive, right? And so my strategy with life and business has always been to add so much value that the price you pay for it seems so insignificantly small compared to it. And that's why we've got so many people joining VIP, so many people joining, jo- joining Premium, et cetera, et cetera. So Premium and VIP is designed to be a stepping stone to buying EasyGrow, okay? VIP is amazing for beginners who cannot afford a sort of bigger ticket price, okay? So if you can't afford to spend thousands of dollars, like multiple thousand dollars on a high-ticket program that shows you everything, then VIP is designed to get you started with that, or Premium. VIP is for people who want to get a few clients manually on a tighter budget. VIP is for freelancers or beginners who want to get to the point to buy EasyGrow. VIP is a surefire way to actually get your next couple of clients. Again, completely guaranteed. Let's go back to the guarantee for a second here. Two clients guaranteed in that first year. If you don't, we'll give you back your money, no questions asked. All right? It's- it doesn't get much more safe than that. So VIP gets you properly started and gets you ahead of 99% of people at the beginning. And this is a guarantee. As a Premium or VIP buyer, you are guaranteed to sign at least two clients within your first year. If you don't, we'll give you a full refund. Again, this is the absolute minimum. Like, you're gonna sign more than two clients. But I wanna just basically have this guarantee for you to feel safe and comfortable. Okay? So that is basically Premium and VIP. And if you're on the fence about buying this and you're- you're sort of f- fence-sitting, what are you doing, man? Like, look at what you get for crying out loud. It doesn't, it doesn't get ... You're not gonna find a better deal or a better, o- obscene amount of value for money than this. So if you're sort of on the fence and you're sort of sitting there like, "Mm, I'm not sure whether I should buy it or not," just do it. Just buy it. And if you don't get two clients using it, we'll give you a refund anyway, b- at the end of the- the year of you, of you buying it. Okay? So go ahead and buy it now. Like, and I, I, I know that it's not the beginning of us that I'm not gonna ... I'm not gonna use any of these fancy crazy sales strategy. I'm literally just relying on a Google Doc and the sheer volume of value to do that. But go and buy it now, and once you buy it you get instantaneous, instant access to all of this right here, right now. You can go ahead and start building the lead generation systems immediately. You can start building the cold email, cold DM, and cold call systems right now. And literally by tomorrow, you can have these things set up and you can actually book in consistent appointments. And for once you can actually start making some damn progress. As well, if you're sort of afraid of buying this, consider what you've learned in week two. If you haven't watched week two yet, trial by fire, the resistance thing, all of that resistance that you feel, all of that sort of, like, pain, and that sort of like, "Oh, I don't know if I want to do this or not," you know objectively that this is the right decision, and you know that it is something that you should do and it is something that you're going to do, so you might as well take the action now. And I will leave you with this in closing. I will leave you this in closing. The people that get results, the people that get to 10K, people who get some financial freedom-They are the ones that take action. And not just take action, but take... And it's not even a risk, I'm not saying you're taking a risk here, but they take... It's like an investment. It's like when you buy this thing, you're affirming your identity and you're telling yourself, "Right, I'm in." You're not sort of dabbling around on your keyboard, just looking for the free stuff and looking for the shiny objects. Like, no, no, when you make this decision to purchase, you are in. Like, you're now locked into this program. Like, and you're gonna use it for at least a year. You're accountable to using the modules, you're gonna take things way more seriously. And trust me, it's within my best interest for you to buy this. I am under, and you are under, no illusion that I want to make money and I want you to buy this. But for your interest, for the sake of you being invested, accountable, being in that group, being in that community, having me and access to my brain with the AI bot alongside these more advanced systems, it will fucking work (laughs) and it will get you where you want to go so much faster. Again, you can get to financial freedom using the six-week training program. You can. It's just, if you do it yourself and you think that you know it all and you think you're really smart and you can figure it all out yourself, you can do that. It's just gonna take you one, two, three, four, five years longer than if you just make a simple purchasing decision right now and buy it. So go and do it right now if you think it's a fit for you. Again, you might think, "Fuck this, I don't want this. It's got noth- I don't want anything to do with it." But the chances are, is you do, because I've built this to be exactly specific to the average person that comes in, and that's probably you. So go and buy it right now. I want to see that notification. If I'm on, if I'm on Skool, you will scare the living shit out of me, so there's always that nice little idea. Skool.com/SkoolAcademy/plans. There's a link in the description to this video, you can buy it right now. Yes, I'm pitching you. Yes, I'm shameless about it. Don't put it on to-do list. Don't, don't sit and um and ah about it. Like, if you're on the fence and you're sort of like, "Mm, not sure, I'm gonna do some research," it doesn't get much more valuable than this, man. And like and honestly, if you decide not to do it, that's absolutely fine as well. Um, just expect success to take far longer and be far harder and for you to do more guesswork and to probably end up quitting. I want you to get there. And, more importantly, I want you to buy EasyGrow. I don't make my money here. I make my money in the backend with my bigger products, okay? So buy it now, go and do it. If you trust me, just trust me. And if you don't like it after a year, you don't get two clients, full refund. There's literally no risk involved here. If you don't get two high-ticket clients, full refund. Simple as that. Anyway, I'm gonna shut up and leave you alone. And whatever, wherever you are in the program right now, Weeks 1 through 6, I hope you're having an amazing time and I hope you're finding it useful and valuable, and I love you to bits. Take care and I'll see you soon. (instrumental music plays